Who gave Bhishma the boon that he would die only when he wished?	Shantanu	He was given the boon when he promised Satyavati's father that he wouldn't marry.
Who was the daughter of Dhritarashtra?	Dushala	Dhritarashtra had 101 sons and one daughter, who was named Dushala.
"The foreign reader...is at once struck by two features: in the first place its unity in complexity; and, in the second, its constant efforts to impress on its hearers the idea of a single centralized India, with a heroic tradition of her own as formative and uniting impulse." Who wrote this about the Mahabharata?	Sister Nivedita (Margaret Elizabeth Noble)	Jawaharlal Nehru (the first Indian Prime Minister) has written in his book 'The Discovery of India': "In the Mahabharata, a very definite attempt has been made to emphasize the fundamental unity of India, or Bharatvarsha (the land of Bharata) as it was called, from Bharata, the legendary founder of the race," (the people were called Bharatasantati or the descendants of Bharata.)India does indeed show a deep underlying unity in spite of great diversity.The quotation given in the question has been taken from 'A Source Book in Indian Philosophy' by Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, OM, FBA. He was the first Indian Vice-President and went on to become the second President. It is his birthday which is commemorated by the Indian Teacher's Day celebrated every year on the fifth of September throughout the country since 1962.Sister Nivedita was an Anglo-Irish disciple of Swami Vivekananda. The word 'nivedita' literally means "dedicated to God" in Hindi.
Let us start off with a straightforward one. The Great War lasted for _____ days.	18	The Great War lasted for eighteen days. The first ten days were under the command of Bhishma. The next five days were taken over by Dronacharya. Radheya took charge for two days and Salya for the last day.
Who was King Santunu's first wife?	Ganga	King Santunu got married twice. His first wife killed 7 of his 8 sons and his second wife, who was called Satyavati, rowed a boat on a lake.
Who recited the Mahabharata?	Ved Vyasa	Hope you didn't guess Ganesh. In fact, Ganesh agreed to write the Mahabharata on the condition that Vyasa would recite the Mahabharata without a break.
What were the names of Karna's foster parents?	Adhiratha & Radha	Adhiratha was a childless charioteer. He found Karna floating down the river in a basket.
What was Bheeshma's name when he was a young lad?	Devavrata	Goddess Ganga told Shantanu this when she handed over Bheeshma to him. 'Devavrata' means one who is unsurpassed in wisdom and use of weapons.
Duryodhana and Arjuna both approached Krishna for help before the war began. Arjuna asked for Krishna himself to aid him. What did Duryodhana ask for?	Narayani Sena (army)	Before the war, Duryodhana and Arjuna came to Krishna to ask for help. Duryodhana came first, but saw that Krishna was asleep. He sat down on a couch near Krishna's head. Arjuna arrived and, seeing Krishna asleep, remained standing at Krishna's feet. When Krishna awoke he saw Arjuna first and greeted him. Then Duryodhana said that he had come before Arjuna and said that he wanted Krishna's help in the war. But Krishna said that he had seen Arjuna first and thus Arjuna had the right to ask first. Arjuna asked for Krishna himself to aid him in the war and that left the huge Narayani Sena for Duryodhana, who accepted it gladly.
What "Guru-Dakshina" did Drona ask from Ekalavya?	His right thumb	This was one of the most cruel acts that Drona committed and he paid for it on the Kurukshetra battlefield.
Who gave Bhishma the boon that he would die only when he wished?	Shantanu	He was given the boon when he promised Satyavati's father that he wouldn't marry.
Who was the daughter of Dhritarashtra?	Dushala	Dhritarashtra had 101 sons and one daughter, who was named Dushala.
"The foreign reader...is at once struck by two features: in the first place its unity in complexity; and, in the second, its constant efforts to impress on its hearers the idea of a single centralized India, with a heroic tradition of her own as formative and uniting impulse." Who wrote this about the Mahabharata?	Sister Nivedita (Margaret Elizabeth Noble)	Jawaharlal Nehru (the first Indian Prime Minister) has written in his book 'The Discovery of India': "In the Mahabharata, a very definite attempt has been made to emphasize the fundamental unity of India, or Bharatvarsha (the land of Bharata) as it was called, from Bharata, the legendary founder of the race," (the people were called Bharatasantati or the descendants of Bharata.)India does indeed show a deep underlying unity in spite of great diversity.The quotation given in the question has been taken from 'A Source Book in Indian Philosophy' by Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, OM, FBA. He was the first Indian Vice-President and went on to become the second President. It is his birthday which is commemorated by the Indian Teacher's Day celebrated every year on the fifth of September throughout the country since 1962.Sister Nivedita was an Anglo-Irish disciple of Swami Vivekananda. The word 'nivedita' literally means "dedicated to God" in Hindi.
Let us start off with a straightforward one. The Great War lasted for _____ days.	18	The Great War lasted for eighteen days. The first ten days were under the command of Bhishma. The next five days were taken over by Dronacharya. Radheya took charge for two days and Salya for the last day.
Who was King Santunu's first wife?	Ganga	King Santunu got married twice. His first wife killed 7 of his 8 sons and his second wife, who was called Satyavati, rowed a boat on a lake.
Who recited the Mahabharata?	Ved Vyasa	Hope you didn't guess Ganesh. In fact, Ganesh agreed to write the Mahabharata on the condition that Vyasa would recite the Mahabharata without a break.
What were the names of Karna's foster parents?	Adhiratha & Radha	Adhiratha was a childless charioteer. He found Karna floating down the river in a basket.
What was Bheeshma's name when he was a young lad?	Devavrata	Goddess Ganga told Shantanu this when she handed over Bheeshma to him. 'Devavrata' means one who is unsurpassed in wisdom and use of weapons.
Duryodhana and Arjuna both approached Krishna for help before the war began. Arjuna asked for Krishna himself to aid him. What did Duryodhana ask for?	Narayani Sena (army)	Before the war, Duryodhana and Arjuna came to Krishna to ask for help. Duryodhana came first, but saw that Krishna was asleep. He sat down on a couch near Krishna's head. Arjuna arrived and, seeing Krishna asleep, remained standing at Krishna's feet. When Krishna awoke he saw Arjuna first and greeted him. Then Duryodhana said that he had come before Arjuna and said that he wanted Krishna's help in the war. But Krishna said that he had seen Arjuna first and thus Arjuna had the right to ask first. Arjuna asked for Krishna himself to aid him in the war and that left the huge Narayani Sena for Duryodhana, who accepted it gladly.
What "Guru-Dakshina" did Drona ask from Ekalavya?	His right thumb	This was one of the most cruel acts that Drona committed and he paid for it on the Kurukshetra battlefield.
Who was Bishma's father?	King Shantanu	King Shantanu was one of the first few kings of the Kuru house. He had two wives, Ganga (the river goddess) and Satyavati (who was a fisherwoman). Bishma was King Shantanu's son through his first wife Ganga. Chitrangada and Vichitraveerya were Bishma's step brothers.
What was the name of Gandhari's only daughter?	Dussala	Gandhari had 100 sons and one daughter.
Who killed Dushasana?	Bheema	Bheema killed Dushasana on the 17th day of the Kurukshetra War.
Friedrich Wilhelm Christian Karl Ferdinand Freiherr von Humboldt, the architect of the Prussian education system, and founder of Humboldt University in Berlin, said this of which part of the Mahabharata: "the most beautiful, perhaps the only true philosophical song existing in any known tongue"?	Bhagavad Gita	The Bhagavad Gita, more simply known as Gita, is a sacred Hindu scripture, just like the Quran is the central religious verbal text of Islam. Ramayana is the other great Indian epic.The Gita consists of approximately 700 verses. Like the rest of the Mahabharata, it too was authored by Ved Vyas in Sanskrit.It teaches that a person must carry out the duties assigned to him by his caste and rank under all circumstances without any desire for reward. It propagates the 'karma theory', i.e. Do your best and forget the rest.As a Sanskrit student, I studied some of the more popular verses of the Gita itself in eighth grade.Even today in many an Indian court, the eyewitness is made to swear upon the Gita, "Whatever I'll say will be the truth. Apart from the truth, I'll say nothing else."Interestingly, nowadays, though many Hindu Indian households have a copy of the Gita with them, they don't like to keep the entire Mahabharata because of the belief that it will lead to a fratricidal war in their homes.
In all, how many sons or daughters did Kunti give birth to?	4	Though Kunti considered Nakula and Sahadeva (Maadri's sons) as her sons as well, the question mentions "giving birth to". She biologically had four sons - Radheya, Yudhishtra, Bheema and Arjuna.
Who was the blind king?	Dhitarashta	Dhitarashta was born blind. When he got married, his wife Gandhari put on a blindfold to 'share her husband's world'.
What does the word Bheeshma mean?	A man of a terrible oath	When Bheeshma took the vow to remain a bachelor throughout his life, the gods showered flowers on him, while uttering the word "Bheeshma."
What were the names of the ornaments given to Karna by the Sun God?	Kavacha & Kundala	Karna was the son of the Sun God and Kunti but Kunti abandoned him on birth as she was a virgin then. Kundala meant earrings and Kavacha meant armour.
What were the names of Bheeshma's step brothers?	Chitrangada & Vichitraveerya	Chitrangada died in a battle and so Bheeshma set Vichitraveerya on the throne and ruled the kingdom for him.
Whom did Duryodhana trick into joining his side before the war?	Shalya	Shalya was the brother of Madri, the mother of Nakula and Sahadeva. He had set off from Madra (his kingdom) to aid the Pandavas, but Duryodhana slyly arranged for Shalya's rest and comfort all along the way. When Shalya arrived in Kurukshetra, Duryodhana told him about how he had served him. Shalya was shocked and was forced to grant Duryodhana something in return for his services - and Duryodhana asked Shalya to side with him in the war.
Who vowed to kill Bishma in her next birth?	Princess Amba	Princess Amba was reborn as Shikandi. She had vowed to kill Bishma as the latter refused to marry her. Her sisters Ambika and Ambaalika married King Vichtraveerya.
At the time of his birth, in the voice of which animal did Duryodhana cry?	Ass	When Duryodhana was born it was predicted that he would cause destruction to the Kuru dynasty and that he should be killed, but his parents disagreed.
Who killed Eravan, the son of Arjuna and Ulupi?	Alambusha	Alambusha, the son of Bakasura, killed Eravan on the eighth day of the Mahabharata war.
According to Wikipedia, "with about one hundred thousand verses, long prose passages, or about 1.8 million words in total, the Mahabharata" (or the Satasahasri Samhita) "is roughly ten times the length of the Iliad and Odyssey combined, or about four times the length of the Ramayana", and over three times as long as the Bible.According to the Mahabharata itself, the tale is extended from a shorter version of 24,000 verses, which in turn has been extended from an even shorter version consisting of only 8800 verses and called 'Jaya', or the collection dealing with 'victory'. What is the middle version, forming the core of the Mahabharata, called?	Bharata	The Bharatas were one of the earliest Vedic tribes. In the first half of the first millennium B.C., they combined with the other major tribe, that of the Purus, and thus formed the Kuru people.Gradually they coalesced with a people called the Panchalas.Both the Kauravas and the Pandavas belonged to the Kuru clan, and the battle between them is the main theme of the Mahabharata.
Who was the real father of Arjuna?	Indra	Kunti was given a mantra to invoke Gods, who would grant her children by Sage Durvasa. She called upon Surya for Radheya, Yama for Yudhishtra, Vayu for Bheema, Indra for Arjuna. Maadri invoked the Asvini twins for Nakula and Sahadeva.
What offering did Eklavya give Dronacharya?	His right thumb	Dronacharya (Sage Drona) asked for Eklavya's thumb because he was learning from Dronacharya without him knowing. Eklavya pulled out a dagger and sliced his thumb off.
Where did Drona go when he was insulted by Drupada?	Hastinapura	Drona took revenge by taking the help of Arjun who defeated Drupada in a battle.
Karna learnt archery from a venerable sage by pretending to be a Brahmin. Who was this sage?	Parashurama	Parashurama hated Kshatriyas. Karna was his favorite pupil until he learnt the truth about Karna being a Kshatriya.
Bheeshma won the hands of three princesses for Vichitraveerya. Who were they?	Amba, Ambika and Ambalika	They were the princesses of Kashi. Amba refused to marry Vichitraveerya as she loved another man.
Barbareeck, Bheema's mighty grandson, was unable to participate in the war because he offered his severed head to his guru as 'guru dakshina' (fees). Who was his guru?	Krishna	Krishna was the initial guide in Barbareeck's life. Barbareeck was invincible in war and had three arrows given to him by the Goddess Kamakhya. Using a single arrow, Barbareeck could wipe out all enemies in his sight. But Barbareeck had sworn to aid the weaker side in war. This posed a threat to the Pandavas itself because if Barbareeck wiped out a large portion of the Kaurava army on the first day of the war, they would be weakened and thus Barbareeck would be forced to join them due to his oath. So Krishna asked Barbareeck for his head as 'Guru Dakshina'. Barbareeck as a disciple was obliged to obey. Today Barbareeck is worshipped as a form of Krishna in Khatu, Rajasthan.
Friendship in the Mahabharatha was defined by ___________ ?	Duryodhana and Karna	Karna and Duryodhana were the thickest of friends. Karna gave his life in the end for his friend. It was Duryodhana who made Karna the king of Anga.
When King Vichitraveerya died, who finally gave an heir to the Kuru clan?	Veda Vyaasa	In the absence of a king a noble Brahmin was allowed to give an heir to the throne. Queen Ambika closed her eyes when she saw the Brahmin; hence Dirtharashtra was born blind. Queen Ambaalika became pale and weak when she saw the Brahmin, and hence Pandu was born anaemic. A charya Vidura was born to Queen Ambika's maid through Veda Vyaasa.
Who taught Arjuna the 'Brahmastra'?	Dronacharya	Dronacharya was a sage.
Who killed Dhrishtadyumna?	Ashwatthama	After the war was over, Ashwatthama attacked the Pandava camp during the night, killing Dhrishtadyumna (among others) in revenge.
Webster's New World College Dictionary, Fourth Edition, defines 'bastard' as a person born of parents not married to each other. Which of these characters of the Mahabharata was NOT a bastard according to the story?	Parikshit	Parikshit (the one who has been tested) was born to Abhimanyu (Arjun's son) and his lawfully wedded wife Uttara, the Matsya princess. It is unfortunate that the poor chap was born only after the death of his courageous father.Ved Vyas (the one who split the vedas), also known as Badarayana, was the offspring of a fisher-woman (Satyavati) seduced by a traveling sage (Parashar). Apart from being the author of the Mahabharata, he is an important character himself.Pandu was born to Ambalika after the death of her husband Vichitravirya (a name of staggering simplicity, don't you think!). It may be prudent to point out here that at the time of the death, she was not pregnant. Pandu was actually fathered by Rishi Ved Vyas, on the express command of his mother Satyavati, whose daughter-in-law was Ambalika.Karna was born to Kunti, Pandu's wife, before her marriage. He was the son of Surya (the Sun god).Theirs is a complicated family tree, no doubt about that!
Abhimanyu, the son of Arjuna and Subhadra, was murdered while trying to break into a vyuha (army formation). Which vyuha was it?	Chakravyuha	The Chakravyuha (circular formation) is an incredibly complicated vyuha. Drona arranged the Kaurava army in the Chakravyuha, just to baffle the Pandavas, since he had taken an oath that he would kill some important fighter in the Pandavas' side. Abhimanyu, who was asked to penetrate the vyuha, was caught in it and murdered unfairly.
Who was the oldest in the elder branch of the Kuru line, the son of Dhitarashta?	Duryodhan	Duryodhan was the son of Dhitarashta and the oldest Kuru son, but Yuddhistir was older than Duryodhan, so he claimed the throne. Duryodhan was angered at this and asked for his uncle Shakuni's help.
What was the name of Eklavya's father?	Hiranyadhanu	Hiranyadhanu was the king of Nishada.
As Karna walked away dejectedly after being cursed by Parashurama he killed an animal. What was it?	Cow	The cow belonged to a Brahmin. In anger, the Brahmin cursed Karna saying that he, too, would die when he was unable to defend himself, just like the innocent cow.
Name the venerable sage who fought Bheeshma.	Parashurama	They fought for twenty-three days and Bheeshma won in the end. Parashurama disliked Kshatriyas.
Which warrior shot the first arrow, thus beginning the war?	Dushasana	Sanjay was telling Dhritarashtra about all the events on the battlefield. Dhritarashtra particularly wanted to know who started the war by shooting the first arrow. It was Dushasana (and one of the better warriors like Arjuna or Bhishma).
The "House of Lac" was built by whom?	Purochana	Purochana, the architect, built the "house of lac" in Varnavata. It was a plot to kill the Pandavas hatched by Duryodhana and Shakuni. Acharya Vidura saved the Pandavas.
Who was Shakuni?	The brother of Gandhari	Shakuni, the expert at the game of dice, was the brother of Gandhari and hence was King Ditharashtra's brother-in-law. He was the maternal uncle of the Kauravas.
Who was the mother of Ghadotkacha?	Hidimbi	Ghadotkacha was the son of Bhima and Hidimbi.
How many sons did Kunti have?	Four	Kunti had four sons: Yudhishtara, Bheema, Arjuna and Karna. The other two pandavas - Nakula and Sehdeva - were the sons of Pandu and Madri.
Who among these had exactly one wife?	Dhritarashtra	Dhritarashtra, Hastinapur's king at the time of the great war, had only one wife, Gandhari, but she bore him a hundred sons and a daughter. Moreover, when his wife was in an advanced state of pregnancy, he conceived another son (Yuyutsu) with his maid servant.Shantanu, the youngest son of King Pratipa of Hastinapur, had two wives: Ganga (Bhishma's mother) and Satyavati (mother of Chitrangad and Vichitravirya); though, to his credit, only one at a time.Bhishma (he of the terrible oath) had vowed life-long celibacy and he honoured that vow till his last days (as opposed to Pandu, upon whom celibacy had been enforced by Rishi Kindam's curse and who still couldn't control himself, which ultimately led to his death.) Consequently, Bhishma had no wife, because of which he even succeeded in making Amba (reborn as Shikhandi) his arch-rival.I hope you didn't answer 'Arjuna' because he was the most 'adventurous' of all. He had more than forty main wives (lucky fellow!).Apparently, polygamy was a done thing during those times. It was only in the nineteenth century that some Indian reformers like Raja Ram Mohun Roy tried to rid the society of this practise.
Which one of the following rules should be followed while fighting with the mace?	The opponent should not be hit below the hips.	The mace should not hit any part on the lower body. Balarama was furious with Bheema for killing Duryodhana by breaking his thigh bone.
Who did Duryodhana crown as 'King of Anga'?	Karna	Karna wanted to prove that he was the best archer in the world, but he didn't have any royal descent -- so Duryodhana crowned him King of Anga and so he therefore had some royal heritage. However, after this, Queen Kunti saw his belt clip and she realised that Karna was the son that she had abandoned.
Who presented the bow "Gandiva" to Arjuna?	Varuna	Agni requested the wise and old Varuna to give the Gandiva bow to Arjuna.
Who was Karna's charioteer in the war?	Shalya	Shalya was the brother of Madri, the mother of Nakula and Sahadeva. He had been tricked into helping Duryodhana in the war but secretly promised the Pandavas that he would let no harm come to Arjuna when he fought against Karna as he would be Karna's charioteer. Thus, Karna was killed by Arjuna.
In the battlefield a great warrior sent the fatal arrows which pierced Bheeshma. Who was he?	Arjuna	Arjuna's charioteer was Sri Krishan. Arjuna was also known by many names such as Dhananjaya and Partha.
Which warrior on the Pandava side died on the first day of the war?	Uttar	Uttar was the Prince of the kingdom of Virat, where the Pandavas had taken refuge in their 13th year of hiding. He was killed by Shalya.
Who were Gatotkacha's parents?	Bheema and Hidimbaa	Bheema and Hidimbaa were Gatotkacha's parents. Bheema killed Hidimbasura, Hidimbaa's brother.
The 100 Kauravas also had a sister. What was her name?	Dushala	Dushala was the sister of the Kauravas. She later married Jayadrata.
Who killed Jarasandha?	Bhima	Lord Krishna helped Bhima in killing Jarasandha.
Who was the son of Arjun's grandson, Parikshit?	Janamjaya	Parikshit was the son of Abhimanyu, who was the son of Arjuna and Subhadra. His son was Janamjeya.
Which one of these married his first cousin?	Arjuna	That's right, folks! Arjuna's fourth wife was Subhadra. Arjuna's mother was Kunti. Subhadra was Lord Krishna's sister. Krishna's biological father was Vasudev, who himself was the son of King Shurasena. Vasudev and Kunti were themselves real siblings.In fact, when Pandu died, Vasudev even invited Kunti along with her sons and those of Madri (who committed sati and was burnt alive with her husband Pandu's dead body) to his palace (by that time Kamsa had been vanquished by Krishna), but they went back to Hastinapur, where they rightfully belonged, or else this war wouldn't have taken place at all.Krishna used to call Kunti (Pritha) as 'bua' which is the Hindi term for maternal aunt.That's why Krishna became a charioteer for Parth (Arjuna) during the war; not only was he his first cousin but also his brother-in-law. Another reason was that Indra (Arjuna's actual father) had requested Krishna to look after his child and Krishna had acquiesced.  It is indeed ironic that the Hindu Marriage Act bars marriage for five generations on the father's side and three on the mother's side.
Who is the well known charioteer of Dhritarashtra?	Sanjaya	Sanjaya the charioteer of Dhritarashtra was given the power to see everything around him so that he could narrate the happenings of the war to the blind king. He was also asked to carry messages to and from the Pandavas before the war began.
Why did the Pandavas go into exile?	They lost a game of dice	Uncle Shakuni invited the Pandavas to play a game of dice, but Shakuni already knew that he would win. Yuddhistir lost his kingdom and his brothers, but Dhitarashta gave Yuddhistir his kingdom and brothers back. They then played another game of dice and the losers had to go into exile.
To whom does Yudhisthira offer the first worship at the time of the Rajasuya Yagna?	Krishna	Shishupala opposes this decision of Yudhisthira and insults Krishna. This results in the death of Shishupala by Krishna.
Although little is mentioned about him, Duryodhana had a son who fought in the war. What was his name?	Laxman	Not much is said about Duryodhana's son in the Mahabharatha. His name was Laxman (the same as that of Rama's brother in the Ramayana).
Which Rakshasa did Bheema kill in Ekachakra?	Bakasura	Bakasura was killed by Bheema at Ekachakra. The Pandavas took shelter in the house of a poor Brahmin. Bakasura lived just outside the city. The villagers had an agreement with Bakasura that if he left them undisturbed they would send a cart load of food with a human being for him to eat every week. Bheema took the Brahmin's place and killed Bakasura.
Which great sage gave Kunti a boon that she could beget a son whenever she wished for one through the devas?	Sage Duruvasa	Sage Duruvasa was short in stature but incomparable in learning.He was a very short-tempered man. Kunti was a great devotee of his and hence he gave her the boon.
Who is the father of Arjuna?	Indra	Indra is the king of Gods.
Who was the wife of Duryodhana?	Bhanumati	Duryodhana's wife Bhanumati is called "Satiratna" in the Mahabharata.She shown as a model of a wife who is ready to sacrifice anything for the happiness of her husband.
There are hundreds of characters in Mahabharata, but we hear only about a select few. For instance who knows of all the 29 sons of Duryodhana, or of the various wives of Arjuna? Which unusual novel, based on the Mahabharata, by Devdutt Pattanaik, and published by Penguins Book India, tells the story of seven characters: Yuvanashva, a childless king, who accidentally drinks a magic potion meant to make his queens pregnant and gives birth to a son; Yuvanashva's mother Shilavati, who cannot be king because she is a woman; young Somvat, who surrenders his genitals to become a wife; Shikhandi, a daughter brought up as a son, who fathers a child with a borrowed penis; Arjuna, the great warrior with many wives, who is forced to masquerade as a woman after being castrated by a nymph; Ileshwara, a god on full-moon days and a goddess on new-moon nights; and Adi-natha, the teacher of teachers, worshipped as a hermit by some and as an enchantress by others?	The Pregnant King	It is perhaps rightly said about the Mahabharata that "What is found here, may be found elsewhere. What is not found here, will not be found elsewhere."P.S. - The book review given in the question is referenced from hindu-blog. The book was published in 2008.
Who shot the first arrow that killed Bheeshma?	Sikhandi	There is a common understanding that Bhishma was killed by Arjuna. This theory is also true. It was destined that Sikhandi should kill Bhishma. He shot the first arrow. Arjuna shot the subsequent arrows and killed Bhishma.
How long did the Pandavas spend in exile?	12 years	The deal was that the Pandavas spent 12 years in the forest in exile and then spent another year in hiding. This meant that they had to disguise themselves and work for a king. Also, if anybody found out that they were the Pandavas, they would have to restart the exile from the beginning.
What was the name of Drona's father?	Bhardhwaja	Bharadhwaja is also Drona's guru (teacher).
How many soldiers and warriors is Bhishma said to have killed each day of the war?	10,000	Before the war began, Bhishma promised Duryodhana that he would kill 10,000 soldiers and warriors on the Pandava side each day but would not kill any of the Pandavas. It was said that Bhishma was invincible till a bow was in his hand and arrows in his quiver.
What was the capital of Panchala?	Kamapilya	Kamapilya was the capital of Panchala. It was Drupada's Kingdom. Drupada's daughter - Draupadi or Panchali - was the wife of the Pandavas.
What was the pet name given to Karna by his foster parents?	Radheya	Karna was Kunti's eldest born through Surya, the sun god. Without realising the consequences, Kunti playfully tried Sage Duruvasa's mantra when she was still unmarried. Karna was thus born. She had placed him in a wooden box and set it afloat on a river. A charioteer, Adhiratha, found the baby and called it by the pet name Radheya, meaning "son of Radha". (Radha was Karna's foster mother.)
Who died of a snake attack?	Parikshit	Parikshit was bit by the king of the snakes, Takshaka.
Who was the son of Satyavati and Rishi Parashar?	Ved Vyasa	Ved Vyasa was the son of Satyavati, daughter of a fisherman, and the wandering sage Parashara. He would go on to help write the Mahabharata.
How did Dhritarashtra, Gandhari and Kunti come to their end?	They died in a forest fire.	After the end of the battle, the Pandavas ruled Hastinapur for some time with Dhritarashtra as their head. Later, Dhritarashtra, along with his wife Gandhari and his sister-in-law Kunti (mother of the Pandavas) left the kingdom to go live in a hermitage in the mighty Himalayas. It was there that they died in a forest fire, and thus came to a tragic end.The Mahabharata is divided into 18 books (parvas) concerning an 18-day war among 18 armies. The fifteenth parva, called the Ashramavasika Parva or The Book of the Hermitage, contains an elaborate description of the state of the affairs of Dhritarashtra, Gandhari and Kunti after the end of the great battle at Kurukshetra.
What does the Narayanastra do, and who used it after the fall of Drona?	It shoots weapons continuously - Ashwattama	Ashwattama used the Narayanastra in his anger at the death of his father, Drona. He unjustly used it against an innocent crowd which was against the rules of Astras.
Who attacked Bhishma on the first day of the war?	Abhimanyu	Abhimanyu was the son of Arjun. When he attacked, Bhishma put down the flag of his chariot.
What was the yagna performed by Yudhishthira after the battle of Kurukshetra?	Ashwamedha	Kings of ancient India used to perform this yagna in order to get absolved of all sins. Victory cards would be fixed on the head of the horse, after which it would be allowed to roam about freely. If anybody dared to tie it up or stop it, the king who had let loose the horse was supposed to go and defeat him in battle and bring back the horse.
On which day of the war did Bhishma fall?	10	The most dramatic day of the war was the 10th day. Bhishma had caused havoc in the Pandava army for the first nine days, slaughtering whomever he wished. None were able to stop him, not even Arjuna. On the 9th night (after the war had ended for the day) Yudhistira went to Bhishma, asking him how the Pandavas could stop him. Bhishma himself told Yudhistira the method of his defeat. He said that he had vowed to lay down his weapons if a woman confronted him in the battlefield. Yudhistira went back to his camp and told everyone the news. Then Krishna declared that Shikhandi, the eunuch, would confront Bhishma the next day. Now Shikhandi was actually Amba, the Princess of Kashi, in his previous birth and Bhishma had insulted him then. On the 10th morning, Shikhandi rode on Arjuna's charriot. When Bhishma saw Shikhandi, he immediately recognised Amba in him. He put down his bow and Arjuna firing from behind, laid Bhishma down on a bed of arrows. Because Bhishma had the power to control his death, he remained alive. The war for that day was called off. The greatest warrior of that age had fallen.
What was Balarama's weapon?	plough	Balarama's weapon was the plough (and he sometimes also used a mace). He is the god of wine. He was the brother of Lord Krishna.
Who was Kamsa?	Krishna's Uncle	Kamsa (also spelled Kansa) was King Ugrasena's son, Lord Krishna's maternal uncle, and Devaki's brother. He was married to the twin daughters of King Jarasandha (the ruler of Magadha). He tormented Vasudeva, Devaki and Ugrasena and was later killed by Lord Krishna.
Who was the father of Sri Krishna?	Vasudeva	Vasudeva. Pandu was the father of the Pandavas.
Which of the following sons of Dhritarashtra survived after the Kurushetra war?	Yuyutsu	Yuyutsu was the only son of Dhritarashtra who survived the Mahabharata war. He was the son of Dhitarashtra and a servant maid. He was younger than Duryodhana but older than Dushasana.
According to the Mahabharata's Adi Parva ('adi' means 'first') or The Book of the Beginning, Bharata was born to King Dushyanta and Shakuntala and was thus a descendant of the Lunar Dynasty (Chandra Vansh) of the Kshatriya caste (kings and warriors). He was originally named Sarvadamana  (subduer of all); it was only later that he came to be known as Bharata ("the cherished"). The love story of King Dushyanta and Shakuntala along with the childhood exploits of Bharata is dramatized in what is considered to be one of the best 100 literary works in the world: 'Abhijnanashakuntalam' or 'The Recognition of Shakuntala'. Which great poet of the Gupta period wrote this play, originally in Sanskrit?	Kalidasa	Kalidasa can be said to be the Shakespeare of the Sanskrit literature.He was one of the Nine Jewels or the Navratna, a group of nine who excelled in literary arts, in the court of Chandragupta II or Vikramaditya (the Sun of Power).Shakuntala herself was the daughter of the sage Vishwamitra and the apsara Menaka. Thus, Vishwamitra happens to be one of the connecting links between the two great epics - Ramayana and Mahabharata.The play was the first Indian drama to be translated into a Western language, by Sir William Jones in 1789.
What is the other name of Radheya?	Karna	Karna or Radheya has many names. He was the first born of Kunti and the Sun God, Surya.
Who was the commander of the Kauravs after Bhishma?	Dronacharya	Bhishma was attacked by Arjun and he was very weak, so Dronacharya was made the new commander.
Which warrior is said to have broken 101 bows of Drona before the latter could fire even a single arrow?	Satyaki	Satyaki was a Yadava just like Krishna. He is said to have broken 101 bows of Drona in the battle between them.
Which emperor did Bheema defeat in order to enable Yudhistra to perform the Rajasuya Yagna?	Jarasandha	Jarasandha the emperor who ruled from Magadha, was killed by Bheema in order to enable Yudhistra to perform the Rajasuya Yagna. It was said Jarasandha would die only if his body was split into two pieces and if the pieces were thrown in opposite directions.
Who was Lord Krishna's foster mother?	Yashoda	Yashoda was Lord Krishna's foster mother; she was Nanda's wife. They were from the Yadava dynasty. Nanda was a great friend of Vasudeva who was Krishna's father. Fearing that Kamsa would harm Krishna, Vasudeva exchanged his son for Nanda's daughter.
Who was the mother of Shakunthala?	Menaka	Menaka abandoned Shakuntala while she was still a child.  Rish Kanva found her and named her after the shakunta birds that were all around.
How much time did Lord Ganesha and Ved Vyasa take to write the Adi Parva (The Book of Beginning)?	Three years	Adi Parva was the longest Parva of the Mahabharata. That is why it took three whole years for Lord Ganesha and Ved Vyasa to complete this Parva.
What was the condition which had to be fulfilled by the suitors at Draupadi's swayamvara (self-choice ceremony) to win her hand in marriage?	to pick up the bow, hold it, string it, and then use it to shoot the eye of a rotating artificial fish, just by looking at its reflection in oil below	It was Arjuna who managed to fulfill this condition, and won Draupadi's hand in marriage, but then he had to share her with his brothers, due to some misunderstanding.
What is another name of Arjuna? Why?	Partha - His mother was Pritha	Kunti was also called Pritha, meaning lover.  He was given the name Partha thus.Kiriti is also another name of Arjuna, but that name was given to him because of the beautiful crown on his head, given by Indra, his father.
Who was Bhim disguised as in the year of hiding?	A cook	Bhim had a huge body, so he needed a lot of food. He therefore decided to be a cook in the royal kitchen. This was originally Nakul's joke! He used the name Ballava.
What was the real name of Mahabharat?	Jaya	It was said of the Mahabharata, "What is here may be found elsewhere too, but what is not here cannot be found anywhere."
Which warrior lured Arjuna away while Drona formed his Chakravyuha to capture Yudhistira?	Susharma	Susharma had promised Duryodhana that he would lure away Arjuna while Drona formed his Chakravyuha, a war formation that only Arjuna could shatter. Susharma was slain by Arjuna but all too late as Abhimanyu fell inside the Chakravyuha being attacked by seven warriors at a time in his attempt to get out.
Who was Beeshmaka?	Krishna's father-in-law	King Beeshmaka was the father of Prince Rukmi and Princess Rukmini. Princess Rukmini later married Lord Krishna.
Who had insulted Acharya Drona?	King Drupada	Acharya Drona was the teacher of the Pandavas and the Kauravas.Drupada was Acharya Drona's childhood friend. He had insulted Drona when the latter went to him for financial help. Drona had his revenge when the Pandavas captured Drupada and brought him before Drona. Drupada vowed that he would beget a son who would kill Drona.
Krishna was the charioteer of Arjuna. This gave him a special name. What was it?	Parthasarathy	Partha was the name of Arjuna. Sarathy in Sanskrit means charioteer. This gave Krishna the name Parthasarathy.
Jayadratha singlehandedly held back the Pandavas (except Arjuna) on the day of the Chakravyuha, leading to Abhimanyu's death. This was the result of a boon bestowed upon him by a God. Which God was this?	Shiva	Jayadratha had been enslaved by the Pandavas as a punishment for trying to kidnap Draupadi. Enraged, Jayadratha had performed penances to please Lord Shiva who granted him the boon that he would be able to overpower all the Pandavas except Arjuna on one day in battle. Abhimanyu entered the Chakravyuha and the Pandavas tried to follow him but Jayadratha single handedly held them all back and Abhimanyu, unaided, was killed in the Chakravyuha.
It is said that because of his Dharma, Yudhishthira's chariot is approximately _______ above the ground.	four inches	The chariot of Yudhishthira is always about four inches above the ground because he never swerved from the path of Dharma and Truth. The Chariot sank back to the ground when he told the One Lie to Drona.
Bheema slew Ashvathama. "What" was Ashvathama?	elephant	Ashvathama, Drona's son, was immortal. There was an elephant in the war by the name of Ashvathama. Bheema slew this elephant and went around the battlefield proclaiming that he had slain Ashvathama. When Drona heard this, he went to Yudhistira and asked him if what Bheema had declared was true. Yudhistira said that Ashvathama had been killed, but if it was an elephant or man, he did not know. But Drona did not hear the last part and in his grief, laid down his weapons and started meditating. Dhristadyumna, sensing the opportunity, slew Drona.
Which apsara wanted to marry Arjuna when he was in Indraloka?	Urvashi	Urvashi, the apsara, wanted to marry Arjuna. Arjuna declined as the immortal apsara had been married to one of Arjuna's ancestors. Urvashi cursed Arjuna that he would have to spend a part of his life as a eunuch.
What was the only lie told by Yudhishthira?	To Drona that his son was dead	The elevated chariot of Yudhishthira sank back to the ground when he told Drona that his son Aswatthama was dead. Bheema had actually killed an elephant called Ashwatthama. But to make Drona put down his weapons and give his army a chance to kill Drona, Yudhishthira had to lie for the sake of his army. This was considered great Adharma because, Drona specifically asked Yudhishthira for the truth; he knew Yudhishthira would never lie to anybody. Later on, this lie was excused by Krishna.
Who was the last commander of the Kaurava army?	Ashvathama	After Duryodhana had fallen in the mace fight against Bheema, Ashvathama came to him. Before dying, Duryodhana made Ashvathama his commander and made him promise that he would bring the five severed heads of the Pandavas to him.
What was Yudhistra's weakness?	Gambling	Gambling was a major weakness of Yudhishtra. Shakuni and Duryodhana exploited this.
Let us go back to the beginning - who was the father of Bhishma?	Shantanu	Bhishma was the son of Ganga and Shantanu. He was the eighth son. All his brothers/sisters were killed by Ganga. He was brought up by the Ganga river in heavens.
Three warriors from the Kaurava side were left alive after the war. One was Ashvathama and another was Kripacharya. Name the third.	Kritvarma	Kritvarma was actually the commander of the Narayani Sena, under Krishna, but when Duryodhana had taken over the Narayani Sena, Kritvarma had to fight on Duryodhana's side.
Which Pandava vowed to kill the evil Dushasana and drink his blood when he molested Draupadi?	Bheemasena	Bheema accomplished his vow in the great battle of the kurus which followed.
Who is the eldest of the Trigarta brothers?	Susharma	Susharma was the one who kept distracting Arjuna when he tried to protect his army from the wrath of Bhishma and Drona.
Here onwards, I'll give you the name of the warrior slain and you give me the name of his slayer. Be careful to use the correct spelling as the names have already appeared in the quiz. Who killed Vikarna?	Bheema	Bheema had slain all the Kauravas (all 99, as Yuyutsu had fought for the Pandavas) and Vikarna was one of the Kauravas.
Who was bestowed with unique vision to narrate the happenings of the war to King Dirtharashtra?	Sanjaya	Maharishi Ved Vyasa bestowed divine vision upon Sanjaya to narrate the happenings of the war to the king.
Who killed Shalya?	Yudhishthira	After the fall of Karna, Yudhistira was in no danger of being captured. Shalya had become the new commander of the Kaurava army. Yudhistira, fighting on the front lines, slew Shalya.
How many warriors did each elephant carry in the war?	7	Each elephant was decked with ornaments and carried seven warriors and their weapons.
Who killed Ghatotkacha?	Karna	Ghatotkacha was Bheema's half-demon son. Using his demonic powers, he had caused great damage to the Kaurava army. No ordinary arrows were able to affect him. Then Duryodhana forced Karna to slay Ghatotkacha using Indra's shakti, the arrow Karna had saved for Arjuna. Thus, due to Ghatotkacha, Arjuna was saved.
After beholding which divine sight did Arjuna take up his arms against the Kurus?	Lord Krishna's Vishwaroopa or divine form	Lord Krishna bestowed special eyesight upon Arjuna and he was shown the Lord's Vishwaroopa or Divine Form, encompassing of all possible matter in the universe.
Who killed Drupada?	Drona	Drupada and Drona, who were childhood friends, had become sworn enemies. Drona slew Drupada, but Drupada had his revenge when Dhristadyumna, his son, killed Drona.
Who was the First Commander in Chief of the Kaurava Army?	Bheeshma	Bheeshma was the first Commander in Chief, Drona was the second, Karna was the third, and Ashvathama the last Commander in Chief of the Kaurava army.
Who killed Dhristadyumna?	Ashvathama	Ashvathama killed the five sons of the Pandavas while they were asleep, mistaking them to be the Pandavas themselves. He also killed Dhristadyumna along with them.
The conchs of warriors were instruments of great might. What was Arjuna's conch called?	Devdatt	A verse in the Bhagwad Gita mentions the names of the conches of all the Pandavas and Krishna. Arjuna's conch was called Devdatt.
Virata was one of the Maharathis in the Pandava army: who was the other?	Drupada	Drishtadyumna and Drishtaketu were Atirathis while Shikhandi was a Rathi.
What was Bheema's conch called?	Paundra	Paundra was Bheema's conch, one that gave a deafening blast.
What was Nakula's conch called?	Sughoshmani	Nakula's conch was Sughoshmani. The other conches mentioned are Paanchjanya, Pushpakau and Anantavijaya, belonging to Krishna, Sahadeva and Yudhistira respectively.
In the last section of this quiz, let's view the postwar scene. Even after the war was over, someone attempted to take Bheema's life. Who was this?	Dhritarashtra	When the Pandavas went to meet Dhritarashtra after the war, he was actually boiling with anger and hatred, but showed none of it. He called Bheema for an embrace. Bheema was just moving forward when Krishna stopped him and signalled for him to place his iron statue in Dhritarashtra's arms instead. Dhritarashtra being blind was unable to guess that he was embracing a statue and in his fury and great strength, he broke the statue that was made of solid iron! He had actually wanted to kill Bheema to avenge the death of his sons but his plan was foiled by Krishna.
Bhishma chose a particular time for his death. What was this time called?	Uttarayan	Uttarayan was a time of a special alignment of the Sun towards the north. Bhishma chose this as the time of his death.
Finally, right at the end of this great tale, all the Pandavas die on their climb up the Himalayas. Only Yudhistira remains alive to reach the summit, accompanied by an animal all along the way. What kind of animal was this?	Dog	A dog accompanied Yudhistira all the way to the summit of the mountain the Pandavas were climbing. On reaching the summit, Indra came to receive Yudhistira and to take him to heaven. Yudhistira said that the dog would also come with him to heaven. When Indra objected, Yudhistira said that if the dog was not allowed to go with him, he would not go to heaven himself. Then the dog showed its true form: it was Yama, the God of death, come to test Yudhistira. Yudhistira and all the Pandavas went to heaven.
