Is there any book which tells the story after the Mahabharata, like of king Parikshit?
Did Krishna say that he would kill Karna if he were to beat Arjuna in the battle?
Like Ramayana for Lord Rama, and Mahabharata for Lord Krishna, is there any mythological scripts for Lord Shiva?
Why did Arjuna being a greatest warrior become emotional at the commencement of Kurukshetra war but not others?
My grandfather told me stories from Ramayana and Mahabharta when I was kid. Who taught you about Ramayana or Mahabharta?
As a non-Indian, how did you get to know about Ramayana or Mahabharta?
What is the science behind Kabach Kuntal of Karna in the Mahabharata?
Rama and Lakshmana had a strong bond. Who had a stronger bond, Krishna and Arjuna or Krishna and Balarama?
Which yuga does Ramayan belong to?
Which of these karma should be a priority according to the Mahabharata: Saving a person being robbed/raped/killed even at the cost of your own life or saving yourself considering the dependence of your family on you?
While reading Mahabharata, I started supporting Kauravas (especially Karna, Bhisma, Drona). Am I evil?
Why do some Arjuna fans believe that Lord Krishna could give his wives too if Arjuna asked for? Do they not know that the same Lord Krishna also said that Arjuna deserved for hell?
What happened to Karna Kavach and Kundal after the Mahabharat? Is it present in the real world?
Even though Rakshasha warriors like Alambusha and Ghatotkacha had their personal reasons to fight in the war, why were they allowed in the first place, in a war of human warriors?
Is there a Barbarik story in the original Mahabharat? Is there any proof of his so-called strength?
Is it untouchability existed in Mahabharata, which is the lowest caste in Mahabharata?
When did the epics Ramayana and Mahabharata take place scientifically and historically? How much does the time period differ according to religious texts?
Did Narayani Sena know that Lord Krishna was Narayan?
Due to which previous life karma did the Pandavas suffered almost their whole lives?
Did Draupadi only accept Subhadra because she was Sri Krishna’s sister?
Why is Lord Vishnu called Vasudeva? Was Lord Krishna called Vasudeva, because that was his father’s name?
Are the horoscopes of the Pandavas, Kauravas, Bishma, Karna, and Lord Krishna really available to read and analyse?
Who wrote the whole Mahabharat in Telugu in Akbar's time?
Who is Ajatashatru in the Mahabharata?
Why did Lord Krishna have a sudarshana chakra while Lord Rama didn't?
Why was Krishna avatar so naughty and clever while the Rama avatar was serious and sincere?
If Draupadi is considered to be one of the ideal women, why did Vyas make her life so painful that no woman would desire to lead? Does he mean to say that a woman has to undergo immense pain to attain such a high position in society?
If Radha is fictional, do we believe in a lie?
How many great warriors did Duryodhana kill in the Kurukshetra War or the whole Mahabharata epic in general?
Was Kunti raped by Lord Surya?
Wasn't Narayanastra the most destructive weapon in the Mahabharata?
How such large number of people got killed in the war in Mahabharat as told by Yudhisthir, when the total number of people in 18 Akshauhini aggregates to less than 40 lakhs?
How many years do the Pandavas wait begging for their properties?
How does Dhritarashtra try to consess his son?
Did ink written books exist during the times of Mahabharata?
What is the greater good of Draupadi marrying the five Pandavas?
Who more strong in strength among Bhishma, Balram, Karna, Bheem, Jarasandh, Keechak and Duryodhan?
Which is the most complete and closest to the original version of the Mahabharata in English? I want to read it properly and fully but not miss out on anything.
What are the anti-heroes of the Mahabharata courses, betrayals and sacrifices?
Does the BORI CE version of the Mahabharata contain any details about the Pandavas serving meat to the sages?
What was Arjuna’s reaction after hearing the death of his guru Drona?
How could Maharaj Parikshit make mistake of placing dead snake over rishis body considering his family heritage? It seems very surprising to me.
Can Yugas be reversed by following Vedas strictly?
Which music prevailed in Dwapara? What are the references in the Mahabharata?
Who was Kohlasura?
Can a Brahmin take food from Sudra, according to Mahabharata?
Can a Sudra man amass wealth according to the Mahabharata? Why, or why not?
What is the meaning of Dhritarashtra King's name ‘Mahabharat’?
If you could ask Pythia one question what would that be?
What is the story of Prameelarjuneeyam in Mahabharata?
Why was Krishna born?
Why did Arjuna marry Subadhra and take her to Indraprastha but left Uloopi and Chitrangadha?
Why did Arjuna marry Subhadra and take her to Indraprastha but left Uloopi and Chitrangadha?
What is the meaning of "Teen Lok" very commonly used in Ramayana and Mahabharata?
How can I write the next epic of Hinduism just like Valmiki wrote the Ramayana and Veda Vyasa wrote the Mahabharata?
What helped Yudhishthira save his brothers?
Who was Kalindi? Was she attracted to Mahabharata Bhishma?
Whose son is Jarasandha?
What would be the outcome of Sathyaki and Arjuna fighting each other?
Why did Arjuna have so many vices and iniquities with him contrary to being a celestial born?
Does the Mahabharata have any mention about the food eaten during those times?
How did the Pandavas travel to Lanka to meet Vibhishana?
Could Bhishma have achieved the same success in the Kurukshetra War as Arjuna if he had fought on the side of Pandavas with Lord Krishna as his charioteer?
Would it have made a difference if Bhishma had decided to fight on the side of the Pandavas?
What is the story about Radha apparently being cursed to separate from Lord Krishna?
Could Lord Balarama out of rage kill Arjuna after he abducted Subhadra?
Is Virata War of Mahabharata an interpolation to further glorify Arjuna?
Who is the son of Duryodhana?
Why isn’t the BJP government making efforts to excavate places related to Ramayana and Mahabharata?
Is it inauspicious to bring the Mahabharata at home?
What is this whole concept of some celestial weapon named Bramhadanda circulating on Quora? I have read the Ramayana and Mahabharata and never come across any such weapon?
Does Draupadi marry the 5 Pandavas?
Besides Arjuna, what were the Pandavas, Kauravas, Bhisma, Drona, Ashwatthama, Kripa & Karna doing with their lives during the 12-year exile of Arjuna in the Adi Parva?
Why did the army of Manipur Kingdom not participate in the Mahabharata War as Arjun was married to Manipuri’s Princess Chitrangada?
Who was the strongest army during the Dwapara Yuga (age of the Mahabharata)?
Was Draupadi a powerful lady or was she merely arrogant about her wealth and possession?
Who is the best donor Dharman or Karnan in Mahabharata? Why?
What translation of Mahabharata and Ramayana is the best (maybe with Vishishtadvaita Vedanta and Advaita Vedanta in mind)?
Was Karna an epic fool?
What is the connection Veda Vyasa with the Mahabharata?
Why is the relationship between Krishna and Bhima not highlighted like the relationship between Rama and Hanuman?
Is Ashwatthama from the epic Mahābhārata still alive? Are there any witnesses to it?
What was the real plan of Shakuni in Mahabharata? Did he save the Kauravas, or destroy them?
If the Trinity came into recognition after the Buddha period, then what about the Ramayana and the Mahabharata?
Is there a reason behind the fact that male protagonists of Ramayan and Mahabharat were incarnations of Lord Vishnu born to human parents while the female protagonists weren't and either came out of Yagna or Earth?
What type of Pariharam will be performed on the day of our birth star? My in-laws performed a Pariharam for the general welfare of the family. But I felt suspicious after knowing that it was done on my birth star. Does this mean anything specific?
Is Lord Krishna a myth?
I love Lord Krishna. What do you love about him?
What are the verses of the Mahabharata on the apsara Tilottama?
What is the story of Badarayana Vyasa?
What were the particular skills of the Pandavas?
Why are Arjunas of the epics and folktales completely different?
If Yudhishthira is given a mace and Duryodhana is given a javelin, what would be the likely result of the duel?
How did Nar and Narayan avatars come about? Why does Arjun not remember if he is so special to Krishna?
What did you learn from Shakuni?
Who is called the "Bhishma Pitamah” of Indian cricket?
Was Arjun able to handle Vajra at first?
Which yagna was performed by Pandavas after a victory in the Mahabharata?
When will we see another Bhishma Pitamah in India?
What is your comment on the idea of heroism in Mahabharata, Indian literature?
What are the other names of Gandhari?
If sanjeevani booti is used in Ramanyana, why was it not used in the Mahabharata?
Why was Arjuna so arrogant about Lord Ramin in front of Lord Hanuman?
How has the Mahabharata epic story projected trough various forms?
Why did Lord Krishna break Lord Shiva’s dhanush?
What was the reaction of Karna’s wife after knowing that he is Kunti’s son?
What is your review about M. N. Dutt’s version of the Mahabharata? Is it authentic? Does it contain the correct stories? Does it contain fake stories and interpretations? How good is the commentary of slokas?
Who were the engineers and architects in Mahabharat and Ramayan?
Why did Abhiras or Aheers fought with Kauravas rather than Pandavas in Mahabharata war?
What could be the qualities that could redeem the character of Bheeshma in 'The Mahabharata'?
What happened to Gandiva bow after Arjuna's death while trying to ascend heaven?
Who is the first one to have sex with Draupadi?
Was Jamadagni eating garlic and onion? If not, why was he angry?
Who is Duryodhana's sister?
Was it unethical on the part of Drona and Ashwatthama to go against the rules of their caste by participating in a full scale war and slaughtering?
How many people believe that according to the Mahabharata, women do not secrets because the curse of Yudhistira?
When Duryodhana didn't win a single battle, why was he treated as a powerful and a great warrior?
Why did Bheema kill all the sons of Dhritarashtra when only Duryodhana and Dushasana had wronged the Pandavas?
Was Arjuna interested more in archery than any other warfare equipment or was it because he knew archery was something that will make you stand tall against enemies more than any other weapons?
Have you ever encountered Karna Pishachini?
How was Arjuna a family man?
Could Arjuna really surrender himself to Krishna because we still see him crying when Bhishma was on the death bed, vowing to kill Jayadratha before sunset, which doesn't signify the kind of detachment Krishna wanted after reciting the Bhagavad Gita?
Was the Vijaya bow powerful than the Pinaka bow and the Sharanga bow?
If we imagine the present day political situation as Mahabharata then which character should be played by whom?
What were Arjuna's temptations, what were his egoistical points, and was Arjuna never really jealous of someone as Karna was of him?
Where did the Pandavas use to live?
Who became the commander that took charge for the Kauravas forces after Karna’s death?
Is the Mahabharata called Panchama Veda?
Lord Rama didn’t support Sita Mata while knowing that she was pure, wouldn’t Lord Krishna call this Adharma?
What were the two sentences spoken by Draupadi that started the Mahabharata War?
What were the feats done by the Upapandavas in the Kurukshetra War?
In which language were Ramayana and Mahabharata written?
How would the war between Arjuna and Karna have turned out, if Lord Krishna wasn't the charioteer of Arjuna and if both had the same celestial weapons(or no significant celestial weapons)?
Why was Arjuna called "Anagha" by Krishna? How was he really the sinless one?
How was Arjuna the foremost of men?
What made Mahabharata the most epic war?
Why was Arjuna so beloved to Lord Krishna? What qualities of Arjuna made Lord Krishna his charioteer and also to give him the Bhagvad Gita knowledge?
How can it download all of the episodes of Mahabharat?
Is there any book to read the entire Mahabharat in a single volume no matter how big it is?
Where Yadavas during Krishna's time recognized as Kshatriyas? If not, how they were able to rule kingdoms?
Why did Lord Vishnu accept Dev Rishi Narad’s curse?
If Devi Rukmini is an avatar of Lakshmi mata, who is Radha?
Who is Uruvi, the outcast’s Queen?
Who is the brother of Pandu that is not Dhritarashtra?
Was Duryodhana egoistic?
Why did Kunti choose to tie a rakhi only at Abhimanyu’s hand to protect him during the Kurukshetra War but not to Draupadi's children?
Does anyone actually find Tanushree’s response to be epic?
What is the Indian Muslim view of Mahabharata, Ramayana and Gita books of Hindus? Are they real or fictional?
What is the proof that makes us believe that Mahabharat or Ramayan had actually happened?
From where did Barbarik came in Mahabharata? What is the relevance of his character in the story? Why did Krishna cut his head off?
According to our Hindu mythology, everything is cyclic, so how are Hanuman Ji, Ashwathama, and others immortal?
What happened to Vijay Dhanush after Karna?
Could Stan Lee’s work be called a factual history 3000 years later by the then civilization (based on various geographical evidences) the way we consider Ramayana and Mahabharata to be real events?
Where was Draupadi from?
What are the different temptations of Karna, and how did he overcome them?
How did Krishna come blue and then black?
Why did Krishna not save Karna's life despite knowing the truth about him?
Why did Sita Mata and Devi Rukmini pray to Maa Gauri before marrying Lord Ram and Lord Krishna?
What happened to Babruvahana after killing Arjun?
What is the real story of Urvi and Karn in the Mahabharata?
Were there mirrors in the time of the Mahabharata?
In how many Puranas is Krishna mentioned?
Did Pandavas really follow Dharma?
Does the character Urvi really exist in the Mahabharata?
How can we explain the armour and the ear rings Karna had on his body by birth?
If Karna had a curse that would make him forget his knowledge when time demands for it the most, why didn’t he teach it to someone else?
Do our great epics Mahabharata and Ramayana talk or mention about astrology?
How many warriors fought single-handedly in Mahabharata like Achilles did in Troy?
If Mahabharat would have been fought like Achilles fought in Troy in the 1st battle against Boagrius (1-on-1), who would have won?
Who gave Vajra to Arjuna and Karna, and who was able to handle it better?
Why did Lord Indra got Karna's shield if Aruna is invincible or has weapons which could penetrate it?
What is the reason that urged Ashwatthama to avenge the Pandavas?
Who is Lord Drakkon?
Was Bhishma's pledge the reason for the Mahabharata War?
Has anyone read the 'Mahabharata' book written by Kamala Subramanium?
How many days did the Mahabharata Battle last? Is it 12 years old?
How long can Arjuna last against Veerbhadra?
Are the Mahabharata and Ramayana famous Sanskrit epics?
How do the stories in Vishnu Purana differ from those in Mahabharat?
How is Arjuna said to be the only person who is devoted to Lord Krishna? We see in Kali Yuga too, many are Krishna conscious. What's the difference?
Why couldn't Arjun defeat Bhagadatta who was easily defeated by Karna?
Why couldn't Arjun defeat Bhagadatta who was easily defeated by Karna in Digvijay?
What was the importance of archery during Ramayana time?
Why did Yudhistira give very hard strokes to Draupadi during their first intercourse?
After the Mahabharata, where did God and all the goddess have gone to? They thought a human doesn't need help from the Almighty.
What would have happened if Krishna told Draupadi about the birth secret of Karna and asked her to choose between war and peace?
Who is Devadatta in Mahabharata?
How strong was Keechak in the Mahabharata according to Bori?
Why did Pandavs make Vrishketu King of Indraprastra but not Hastinapur as he is Karna Son?
If Karna was a negative guy, then why so many parents name their child on him?
Who is the most tragic and unlucky character in Mahabharata, which makes you feel sad about him?
How was the women's position in Mahabharata?
When was Yaksha pleased? What did he ask Yudhishthira about?
What is the name of the Sambhajis son?
What if Mahabharat had really happened?
What happened to the Indraprasth Palace after the Kurukshetra War?
Who is the student of Arjuna?
How can we say that Ramayana, Mahabharata are real, when the Harappan civilization doesn't depict any godly person or concept?
Why are Sri Ram and Sri Krishna avatars so different?
Why wasn't Arjuna the main leader in the war as he was way better than Dhrishtadyumna?
Why was Arjun called The purushreshth or best among the Pandavas by Shri Krishna?
Where in BORI or KMG Mahabharat does it mention that Drupad had enmity with Bhishma as shown in Star Plus’ Mahabharat 2013? Was it his wish to have an offspring who can kill Bhishma?
Why does the Ramayana seem more fantastical than the Mahabharata?
What is the real answer of Ashwatthama's existence?
Why was Arjun hailed the best when every Pandava had his own quality in which they were best in?
What was Karna's reply to Bhishma's advice?
Did Ramayana and the Mahabharata existed in Indonesia, Cambodia, Vietnam and Laos? Did it originate from Lemuria? How much share goes to India?
Did Duryodhana fight any war other than the war at Kurukshetra? If yes, what were the results?
Is there any book in the world, other than the Mahabharata, have any record of the Kurukshetra War?
What is the relation between Drupadi and Krishna?
According to the Mahabharata, who was cursed by his father to be born crooked when he was still in his mother's womb?
Is the Mahabharata the holy book of Hindus?
If Krishna, Arjuna and Hanuman decided to fight the Kauravas themselves, could they defeat them?
How do Arabs like the Ramayana and Mahabharata?
What can we learn from the life of Son of Goddess Ganga, Pitamaah Bhisma Devarath in Mahabharat?
What is Karna Kunti?
What is Nar and Narayan with respect to Arjuna and Lord Krishna in their last births?
How did Narakasura die?
In the time of the Mahabharata, did the kings wore shoes?
After watching Mahabharat: Draupadi Vastraharan, should I believe that Kali Yuga in 2018 is much better for women than those times with so many strict laws for women?
Why did Chaitanya Mahaprabhu say that love for Krishna is the ultimate goal? Sri RamaKrishna Paramahansa has said that any form of God creates divisions and limits sadhaka from attaining oneness. Ramana Maharshi was also against it. Why?
How helpful will it be to read the Mahabharata and the Bhagavad Gita?
What were the lessons given to Arjun by Lord Krishna in the battlefield?
Who are the writers of the Mahabharata in all Indian languages?
Why did Radha marry Abhimanyu? When did she love Krishna?
Why have some Arjuna fans made Draupadi an ordinary woman by saying that she was made only for Arjuna?
What were Bheema’s exact words when he took the oath after Draupadi's humiliation in a dice game?
If you were Draupadi, what would you do differently?
Why did Yudhistir put Nakul first as a bet in a dice game while he wished life for Nakul from Yasha so that one son from each Kunti and Madri were alive?
How can it be justified by Yudhishthira that he bet with his brothers and Draupadi in a dice game?
Who was Bhurishava in the Mahabharata?
Can a person of this century lift the Vijaya bow used by Karna of Mahabharata?
Which places did Sri Krishna travelled around the Indian subcontinent during the time of Mahabharata?
What were the rules and regulations in the Kurukshetra War Battlefield?
What happens if Balram takes the side of Pandavas?
Why is Krishna characterless?
Why did Lord Krishna appear as Narayana in front of Devaki?
Why is Arjuna the only one with many names in the Mahabharata epic?
Hanuman himself could not take part directly in the Kurukshetra war because it was in another Yuga. How could Parashurama, besides being a person of the Treta Yuga, teach archery to Bhisma, Drona or Karna?
Where did the demoness wife of Bheema get when the Pandavas get back to the palace?
How was Duryodhana as a student of Balarama?
What does the Bhim Army think of Bhim in Mahabharata?
If Bheem would have practiced mace fighting thoroughly as Arjuna did with archery, could he also become an Athiratha?
Why is Arjuna the only person praised for being gudakesh and one with concentration, does none other than him had those talents?
If Hanuman ever decided to pick up a bow and shoot arrows then what type of warrior would he be like? Because in Ramayan Hanuman only used his fists but never used any archery.
Starting which chapters does the Shrimad Devi Bhagavatam tell original stories and not still recite stories from Mahabharat and other Puranas?
AHas there ever been a Movie based on the battle of Kurukshetra, as narrated in the Bhagavad Gita?
What do you believe in Indian mythologies?
Which one is the first Ramayana Mahabharata?
I have seen Mahabharat characters in my dream and I happened to converse with them about Kurukshetra war. What does it mean? Am I becoming mad or something else?
Why do Rakshasas play such a small role in Mahabharat, as compared to Ramayan?
In the Mahabharata, being Kripacharya is one of the Chiranjeevi's that means there is no death. Why didn’t Duryodhana use Kripa against Arjuna that could have made Kauravas to win the war?
What can we learn from the life of Bhishma?
Who is Saurabh Umbare?
How did Arjuna kill Karna?
Metallic objects take billions of years to degrade. What happened to weapons, coins, jewelry, utensils, and other metallic objects used during Mahabharata and Ramayana? Why aren’t we finding these objects during excavation?
How did Radha stay for years after Krishna left?
Why did Krishna select Arjuna and not Yudhisthira for Mahabharata?
When did Chinese historically first learn about the Indian epics Ramayana and Mahabharata?
How and when did Pakistanis learn about the Indian epics of Ramayana and Mahabharata?
What is the proof that Lord Krishna had 106,080 children? What is the name of that book?
According to you, which version of the Mahabharat is better, B. R. Chopra's or the new Mahabhrat shown on Star Plus?
What is older, the Mahabharata or the Indus Valley civilization?
Who called Sumitra the son of Raja Dashrath in Ramayan?
Who is able to defeat Arjuna?
Who did Lord Balarama favour more, Duryodhana or Yudhisthira?
Which actors do you think were not suitable to the characters they portrayed in the Mahabharat 2013 TV series?
Where can I download a Kannada version of a Mahabharata book?
Do you believe all the characters from Mahabharata and Ramayana were real with their mystic powers?
What would have happened if Draupadi wanted to take a sixth husband?
What's the difference between the Indian version of the Mahabharata and the Ramayana and the Balinese version?
Did Lord Krishna fall in love with Rukmini after reading her letter?
Is there any dharmic scriptural basis to support that women are the property of men as indicated in the Mahabharata?
Is there any mention of dinosaurs in Ramayan or Mahabharat?
How did Asuras gain more power in the Indian epics?
What is the story (besides the Vasus) behind Bhishma's birth in Mahabharata?
When did Krishna meet Radha for the first time?
Why did Lord Shiva lie to Arjuna while giving his Pashupatastra weapon that no one knew about it including Indra, Yama, Varuna? Had he forgotten that Ramayana happened before Mahabharata?
Who was the GATE protector of Chakravyuha?
Did Lord Vishnu really curse Mata Lakshmi?
In the Mahabharata everyone has multiple names. The Index to the names is 827 double column pages. Are people who read it expected to know them all?
Why did Drupad want Arjuna as his son-in-law despite being defeated by him as Drona's gurudakshina?
Was it "Shakuni" who won the Mahabharata?
Did Krishna request Hanuman to be present atop his chariot just before the Mahabharata war started?
In the Mahabharata, which characters were named after her father's kingdom?
How well-known is the Mahabharata as a work of literature outside of India?
What are the benefits of reading the Mahabharata?
Could Karna with his Kavach Kundal defeat Bhisma and Arjuna?
Accroding to Bhima in Mahabharata, Atharva Veda has incantations to compress time and its span. Is it true? If it is how could be possible?
Who are the real parents of Sri Krishna?
Which rules did Draupadi follow as a wife after getting married to the Pandavas?
Why did Indra beg for Karna's armor and ear ring? Did he not know Karna had been badly defeated, injured, and bled by Gandharvas, Bhima, and even a bee?
What are the relations between Karna and Uruvi?
Who was the priest of King Drupada who went as a messenger to the Kauravas?
What was India's share to the world’s GDP during the Mahabharata times?
Why did Lord Vishnu’s Parshuram avatar have so much anger?
Parashurama was an avatar of Lord Vishnu. Why did he curse Karna, knowing that Karan didn’t cheat on him?
How has your experience been while reading Bibek Debroy's Mahabharata, and do you recommend it?
Where else, in Hindu mythology, is Ram mentioned apart from the Ramayana or Mahabharata?
Why is there no importance given or description of Bhanumati (Duryodhana's wife) anywhere in the Mahabharat?
With more emerging proof that the Indian Epics are real (finding Dwarka, discovering the bridge Hanuman built in the Ramayana,) why is it still considered by the West, and many Indians, to be mythology, and not history?
Why did lord Krishna, being the teacher of Abhimanyu, did not train him the procedures for exiting the Chakravyuh?
Was it fair for Gandhari to suffer so much under Krishna's war role? Was it moral? Was it worth it?
If Sahadev of Mahabharata knew the future and was so wise, why didn't he know about Karna being his brother?
Which essence of Hinduism contained Ramayana or Mahabharata?
What are some of the facts that prove that Ramayana and the Mahabharata are realistic?
Why are many Hindu brothers scared of or are avoiding the spiritual interpretations of Ramayana and Mahabharata and happy with temporal?
Durga Maa is incarnated as Subadhra (sister of Sri Krishna/wife of Arjun). Why did Krishna ask Arjuna to pray to her before the war?
Did Vidur advise to kill Duryodhana as a kid?
Why is that the Parvs in Mahabharat were named after Kauravas warriors like Bhishma, Drona and Karn, but not after Arjuna, Bhim, or Krishna?
Why was Karna so weak that he kept getting scared of Arjuna, Satyaki, Bhima, Abhimanyu, and Ghatotkacha in his sleep? Did he beg Hanuman for protection?
While his time on Earth, did Balarama remember that he was Sheshnag?
Why is Subadhra (Lord Krishna’s sister) not recognized enough as she is Durga maa?
How much is known about the historical origins of Hindu texts? Are they based on real people and events that became thought of as divine over time or are they meant as purely as allegory?
During his time on Earth, did Balarama remember that he was a Sheshnag?
Who would be a better warrior between Bhishma and Karna without the curse and with the Kavach?
Who was the better warrior between Yudhishthira and Karna?
Are Yoga Maya and Durga Maa the same?
How is it possible for Krishna to have 10 sons and 10 daughters from each of his 16,108 wives?
Why made Balarama so angry that he wanted to kill Arjuna?
Why does Arjun seem to be the favourite among the Pandavas?
Why did lord Krishna wait for so long to kill Kans inspite of knowing the fact that his parents are in Prison at Mathura?
Where is Kunti when Pandavas were ruling Indraprastha, and why is she not with them?
Can we call the Mahabharata as the Indian version of Game of Thrones?
Did Lord Krishna stop playing the flute after he left Vrindavan?
Is Lord Krishna the reason Hindu’s began worshipping cows?
How long after Draupadi’s assault did Krishna visit the Pandavas?
Has Shri Krishna ever quoted a 'shloka' telling about the 'Wheel of Time'?
Karna could defeat Bhishma being a Suryaputra, is due to anger on the world including mother and was in opposition do you agree? It is only to remain a best friend is it not?
How long before the Mahabharata did Narayana’s avatars happen?
Why was Arjuna so emotional yet so cocky at times?
Why did Balarama have so much anger? Was Krishna able to get his anger under control?
Did Balram kill Lord Krishna’s son Samba?
Why do you hate Arjuna of Mahabharat and his followers?
Why did lord Krishna portrayed his Vishva rupam avtaar during peace(Shanti doot) proposal in Hastinapur?
What was the total number of participants in the Kurukshetra War?
How and when did the goddess Gayatri get incarnated?
Is it true that the son of Lord Krishna also fought in the Battle of Mahabharata?
Who was Samba (son of Sri Krishna) killed by?
What was the name of the dog who followed the Pandavas in their last journey?
What are the works of Krishna Devaraya?
Which deity and his daughter has brown, blue, and pink skin: Arjuna, Yudhishthira, Bhima, Nakula, or Sahadeva?
When was Arjuna born?
What is the story of Mahabharatham in Telugu?
What lessons/philosophies from the Mahabharata can be applied in today’s world?
What is a link to download the Mahabharata in Kannada?
How did Lord Krishna acquire Panchjanya conch shell (shankha)?
Why does Krishna call Balram ‘Dau’? What does ‘Dau’ mean?
Why didn’t Lord Krishna do anything about his disgraceful son, Samba, if he was an adharme?
Did Pradyumna, son of Lord Krishna, die before Samba?
Why was Lord Krishna’s son Pradyumna and Samba so different?
Why is it observed that all the great kings in Mahabharata and Ramayana had only sons in bulk and hardly daughters?
Why was Lord Krishna’s son Samba so evil?
Who is Parisalan?
What are the untold truths of the Mahabharata?
What are the predictions given by Kali about Kali Yuga to Bheem?
Who is Sarvadaman in the Mahabharata?
If forgiveness is the greatest thing to do, why didn't Lord Krishna Forgive all the Kauravas and Kanshas?
Why is the truthful nature of Yudhishtira overrated in the Mahabharata? He has lied a few times.
Who was Kunti in her previous birth?
Who was more powerful, Duryodhana with a mace or Yudhishthira with a javelin?
What would have happened if Duryodhana was alive and Bhima died in Mahabharatha war?
What was Krishna’s love for Yashoda Maiyya like?
Which is the biggest term, dharma or desire (love), if someone closely analyzes the character Draupadi of Mahabharata?
When did Gita Gyan occur, before the start of the war or during the war of the Mahabharata?
Were the Kauravas and Pandavas descendants of Bharath of Ramayana?
Is there any meaning behind Sudama eating half of Krishna’s food when they were younger?
Who is Urvi, and what is the relationship between Karna and Urvi?
Women like Meera and Andal referred Lord Krishna/Perumal as their husband. I never heard of a man devoted to a female god and referred her as his wife. Why is that? Is there any?
What are some amazing facts about Duryodhana and Karna’s friendship?
What are some great debates that occurred in the Mahabharata?
What is the planning of Pandavas in the Mahabharata?
If Karna has Kavacha and Kundala, what would be the outcome of the Mahabharata War?
Who is more powerful, Indra or Arjuna?
What is your review of Bibek Debroy's translation of the Mahabharata?
Why were all the great warriors of Hastinapur helpless in front of Shakuni Neeti?
How could I get an original copy of the Mahabharata (either in Hindi or English)?
Was Yudhister betting his wife Draupadi was Dharma or Adharma?
Can anyone explain the Sanskrit shlok of Mahabharat which is starting सहेव धर्म सो धर्म देश काले…?
Did Krishna only have sons? Only boys are shown in the list of 80 children.
If Karna was equal to or superior to Arjun in archery, then how was everyone able to defeat him?
Why is Arjuna considered a great warrior when he was easily defeated by Shiva, Karna, his son Babruvahana, and ordinary robbers? Why couldn’t Arjuna kill anyone without deceit?
What is the role of Drona in Mahabharata?
What is the role of Karana in the Mahabharata?
What is the purpose of life as per Mahabharata?
How would the five Pandavas feel if they will time travel to this generation?
Who is Sahadeva in Mahabharata?
Who wins at the game of dice in the Mahabharata?
Is there any difference of Tamil Sangam Mahabharat and Vyasdev's Mahabharat?
Did Lord Krishna give Yashoda Miya a boon that he will incarnate as her son again ?
What are some good fictional novels on Mahabharata?
What are the reasons for the Game of Dice in the Mahabharata?
Who defeated the Kauravas after the Agyaatvaas?
Are characters like Arjuna, found in Mahabharata epic, possible in real life today?
In the Mahabharat, every king has 2 or more wives and all characters are born in very different manners. What can we say about their morality?
Did anyone know that Shakuni's dice are made of his father's bones?
Is there anyone at present who have seen Lord Krishna?
What's your view about the curse given to Ashwatthama?
Are there any videos on YouTube explaining the Mahabharatha simply, in English without any romanticism or jingoism?
What is the role of Dushyanta in the Mahabharata?
Why do many gods show interest in the human lives of Mahabharata and Ramayana?
Is Ashwatthama seen by people?
Which top epics around the world are dramatized in a TV series like Mahabharata and Ramayana?
What should I read after Hindu books and Journey to the West?
What purpose do we gain in digging the spent force? Karna had his destiny steeled with his misfortunes.
Who was Dharmadev in the Mahabharata?
Why was Kunti stupefied?
What are the Dharmdevs of Mahabharata?
Who is called Sharma Deva in Mahabharata?
Who is the ‘dharma dav’ in Mahabharat?
What was the name of the only sister of the Kauravas?
Who were the members of Hastinapur Sabha in the Mahabharata?
Why were Hanuman and Lord Krishna unable to defeat Karna's Nagastra that nearly killed Arjuna?
Why did Karna humiliate Arjuna in the Ranghbhoomi archery contest?
What were the physical descriptions of Pandavas, Kauravas, and their respective mentors or gurus in Mahabharata?
How long has the Mahabharata War been delayed due to Krishna's speech to Arjuna?
How did Mahabharata mentioned the names of the South Indian kingdoms before their emergence in history?
What was the reason behind Sishupal's hatred for Lord Krishna?
What is the authentic source of the Mahabharata story? TV shows display different versions/stories. Which source they do refer to? For example, B.R. Chopra's & Ekta Kapoor's Mahabharata had many differences.
Is there any Quora club in Mumbai that discusses Mahabharata and other Hindu epics?
Who is Duryodhana in the Mahabharata?
When lord Hanumanji went to propose to Karna's wife, Uruvi, why did she spit on his face and reject him? Did hanuman smell bad?
Who were the other Brahmin's who learned weaponry from Lord Parshuram? Did they take part in the Mahabharata?
Why did Arjuna run away like a coward from Karna's Bhargavastra?
I understood Ramayana but not at all Mahabharata. Which is the best film to watch so I can understand?
Ramayana occurred because of a woman who cried, while Mahabharata because of a woman who laughed. What does this mean?
Who between "Indrajith", son of Ravana and "Abhimanyu", son of Arjuna was a better warrior?
What made Gandhi believe that Ahimsa will bring freedom to India from the British, when we have epics like Ramayana and Mahabharata wherein the evils have won in a waging war?
In Mahabharata, why did Drona and Bhishma support the side of Kauravas? What stopped them from supporting Dharma by joining the side of Pandavas?
Is it true that Arjuna tried to kill Dhrishtadyumna because he killed Drona?
Who was Bhagadatta in the Mahabharata? How was he killed in the Kurukshetra War?
What is Abhimanyu’s son name?
Is Rama and Sita born in the period of Mahabharata?
How many times did Karna defeat Hanuman in Ramayana, the epic tale written by Vyasa and not Valmiki?
Did Krishna ever see Mother Yasoda again?
Since Karn was Suryaputra, why don't we see any story about him with his other siblings like Shani, Yama, and Yamuna?
What was happening in the rest of the world at the time of the Mahabharata war and is this Great War recorded in the history or manuscripts of any other country?
For how long did Pandu, the father of Pandavas, rule Hastinapur before going to the forest?
What entrepreneurial lessons did you learn from The Mahabharat?
What happened to the Karna family tree after the Kurukshetra War in the Mahabharata?
Who is Krishna Das's wife?
Were the Greeks involved in the War of Mahabharata?
Who is the best and very strong person in Mahabarata?
Are Ramayana and Mahabharat real events, like all those superpowers within a person? What if these are epic works of fiction?
Which language was used by characters in the Mahabharata to converse between themselves? Some are claiming that nobody spoke in Sanskrit.
Where did the Mahayana and Mahabharata meet?
Why can't we put a case on TV serials misleading the original context of Ramayan and Mahabharat? Why can't we stop them?
What are the points to learn from Mahabharata Chapter 2?
Who was Karan's wife in Mahabharata?
Who were the Ten Commanments written for and are people still living by those rules?
Why did Lord Krishna love Arjun even though he was an asshole?
Do you think Karna in Mahabharat unnecessarily took the Sootputra and other remarks too personally. He could have ignored everything and led a happy life?
Why Hidimba did not get her due in Mahabharat?
What was so special about Arjuna that every woman felt attracted towards him?
What was the relationship between Bhishma and Pandavas?
Who came running into the forest to Pandavas?
Was Dronacharya correct in refusing Ekalavya as his student?
Pandava and Karna both were the sons of Gods. Therfore they all should have tendency to support good. Why was Karna adharm since the beginning?
How old was Sri Krishna when he did Tandav on Kaliya Nag?
Is Lord Krishna watching what is happening on the Earth today?
Why did Arjuna only get the privilege to witness the Vishwaroopam and the ultimate discourse from Lord Shree Krishna and not the other four brothers?
What is Pashupatastra, the description of aftermath resembles nuclear bombs wondering if that even exsisted?
If China makes a movie based on the Mahabharata, which is the best cast for it?
Was Subhadra (sister of Krishna and Balrama) daughter of Yashoda or Rohini?
How was Krishna’s relationship with his sister Subhadra?
Was Karna a true friend of Dhuryodhana?
How old was Abhimanyu during the Kurukshetra War?
Is Krishna real?
Did Lord Krishna and Arjun knew each other even before commencement of Mahabharat? Do they knew other from previous births?
Did Dharmarsya, Nakula, and Sahadeva formally marry like Bhima, Arjuna?
Was Karan (from Mahabharat) married to someone?
How is Kumbhakarna more thankful than Karna?
Is it bad to read the entire Mahabharata?
What is the significant of the title Mahabharata (answer should be mentioned at least 250 words)?
What if Karna killed Arjuna?
What is some folklore to support Arjuna in the book called "Arjuna: Without a Doubt"?
Why did Arjuna kidnap Subhadra?
Can you summarise the Mahabharata in a few thousand words, and explain the significance and roles of the main characters of the story?
Who wrote the Mahabharata and when? How did he listen and narrate the discussions between Krishna and Arjun amidst the very loud sound of war?
What was the title of the Telugu poem wherein Lord Krishna was eating with his friends?
Do you think that Ashwatthama still exists (after being cursed by Sri Krishna)?
How many arms does Krishna have?
What is the relation between China and India in the Mahabharata time?
Why is it that a section of people dismiss Bhagavata as authored by someone, other than Veda Vyasa, by citing supposed contradictions with the Mahabharata and quoting verses from the Matsya Purana?
How does Kalidas in Abhijnanasakuntalam depart from the narrative of Shakuntala as it appears in Mahabharat?
Why did Bhima insult Karna?
How long is it been from the Ramayana and the Mahabharata era to now Kali Yuga?
What was the name of Delhi at the time of Pandavas?
Why was Dhritarashtra drawn to the game of dice?
Why didn't the Pandavas pull out all the arrows from Bhishma 's body after the Mahabharata War ended?
Why did Lord Krishna ask Arjuna to pray to Durga Maa before the Kurukshetra war? Wasn’t Subadhra an incarnation of her?
Does Lord Krishna always smile? Was he ever upset or cried? I envision him as Nitish Bharadwaj and his personality in the Mahabharata.
What is the name of Krishna's menatha?
What happened to Subhadra after the Kurukshetra War and Abhimanyu’s death?
What happened to Yashoda after Krishna left?
Did Duryodhana really try to capture Krishna? If so, why did Balrama still favor him after he disrespected his brother (Krishna)?
Which are the best books based on the various characters of Mahabharat?
What was happening in the continents of Europe/Africa/the Americas at the time of the Mahabharata?
What was the duration of Bhagvad Gita narrated to Arjun by Lord Krishna?
Had Draupadi not insulted Duryodhana and Karna earlier, her humiliation in the assembly hall would not have happened, do you agree?
How did Ashwatthama get the mani on his forehead?
Are there any Mahabharat enthusiasts in Pakistan? What are your views on the epic?
Who is Indrajit in the Mahabharata?
When we will get to see a high budget Mahabharata movie with quality VFX?
Who are Karna and Kunti?
Is there any moral message in the Mahabharata?
Which are some not so famous stories of Mahabharat?
Does a person who stammer exist in “Mahabharat”?
Can we compare the hatred observed between India and Pakistan to hatred between Pandavas and Kauravas in epic Mahabharata?
Which edition of Mahabharata did both M.N. Dutt and Kisari Mohan Ganguli use for the translation?
Who is Dronacharya in the Mahabharata?
Why is the Mahabharata series by Director Ramanand Sagar banned?
Who would win in wrestling between Bhima the strongest and Karna?
Did people know about Ram and Krishna before they were born as we know about the Kalki Avatar?
What was the name of the five arrows of Bhisma?
Who was the best archer between Arjuna and Eklavya?
Who was the director of The Mahabharata?
If I shoot myself thinking of Krishna, will I go to Krishna?
Why the Hastinapur and Yadava kingdoms didn't attack Kansa when he locked Devaki and Vasudev in jail?
When was the fight between Hanuman and Arjun?
Why did the Pandavas not share any other wife apart from Draupadi?
How would Pandava have been completed the vows taken after the dice game if their proposal for peace was accepted by Kaurav?
If there was a duel between Arjun (from Mahabharata) and Lakshman (from Ramayana), who would emerge victorious?
Why did Pandava proposed peace with Kaurav through Krishna as mediator prior the Kurukshetra War while the purpose of their birth was the establishment of dharma which seems to be impossible without destruction of Kaurav?
Where can I read the full text of Shishupala's criticism of Krishna online? Most retellings of Mahabharata seem to omit the details.
How many times did Karna take a poop on Hanuman's face?
Were the Romans involved in the Mahabharata War since it was the war of the entire planet?
What is the Vachana of Kuru?
What are the folklores created to support Arjuna in Mahabharata?
Why did Drona refuse to impart education to Eklavya?
Why are there no commonalities (ambiguity) between different stories in the Mahabharata regarding the biological fathers of Pandava?
Why don't we have archeological evidence of Mahabharata war when we have plenty of evidence from contemporary Egyptian Pharos from same time?
Why did Arjun go to Krishna and not Yudhishthira for asking help for the Mahabharata war?
What are some incredible and loving pastimes of Lord Krishna?
Where can I get the most accurate Mahabharata by Rishi Ved Vyas and Ramayana by Rishi Valmiki?
How was Krishna and Balrama’s relationship? From what I’ve known, Krishna respected Balaram since he was his older brother.
What is Ramayan if Mahabharata is considered as a mirror of human life?
Arjun opposed on attacking the unarmed Karan who was fixing his chariot to which Krishna reminded him of the helpless Draupadi during cheer haran. Is it okay to wrong someone who wronged you?
Who was the son of Kunti?
Why did Satyaki fight from the Pandavas’ side?
What would have happened if Pandavas made no effort to break into Chakravyuh but merely maintained a solid defence?
Why didn’t Drona fight Drupad himself and capture him when even a young Arjun was able to do it without any Army?
Who wrote Mahabharata and Ramayana?
What is the summary of Karna’s lessons?
Which historical event like the Mahabharata or the Ramayana will happen in Kali Yuga?
Krishna says that he is the month of Margazhi amongst the Tamil months and so on. I want to know what is Krishna's being in the universe as he says in the Geetha?
What are the metres used in Mahabharata?
Who built the rajyam of the Pandavas?
What is the name of Gandhari's 87th child?
If Draupadi secretly loved Karna, why did she reject him at her Swayamvara?
Why did Yudhisthira want Nakula to come back to life?
If Karna was more powerful than Arjuna, why could he never defeat Arjuna before Kurukshetra even with great support by his side?
Who is the youngest of the Kauravas?
Can we Compare Game of Thrones with Mahabharat? If so, How?
How many times did Karna fart on Hanuman's face when he conquered the Vanara kingdom?
Why did Draupadi suffer so much? Was there any past life karma involved in it?
If Lord Krishna knows everything, why did he test Barbarika’s skills?
What was the final outcome of Mahabharat?
Why did Bhishma Pitamah happen to take astrasanyasa upon seeing Shikhandi? Is there anything related to his brahmacharya?
As per Mahabharata, If Bhagwan Krishna tribes have died due to Gandhari Curse, then how can present Yadavas claim lineage to Bhagwan Krishna?
Who is Urvi in the Mahabharata?
Were Ayan and Krishna the same?
Which is the longest poem, Shahnameh or Mahabharat?
Who is the son of Arjun and Draupadi?
Is Shakuni a mixture of good and evil qualities in Mahabharata? Why do some people worship him?
Is it necessary to know Mahabharata to understand full essence of Bhagawad Gita?
Was Dushala the only woman among the Kauravas?
According to Krishna, Satyaki was a superior warrior to Karna. Why do Karna fans say that Karna was better than Satyaki?
Is it true that Karna has lust for goddess Draupadi as he urged Dushasan to disrobe her?
What does the Mahabharata tell us about ‘Dharma’?
What are the symptoms of Kuru?
What is the physical proof that the Mahabharata happened?
Why did Karna hate the Kingdoms of Iron Age India, like Matsya, Gandhara, and others, etc.?
Who is Krishna and Arjuna?
How many wives did Krishna have, and what are all their names?
In the Ramayan and Mahabharata, which battle is last longest?
Who was Vidura in the Mahabharata?
Who was more of an avatar of Vishnu? Krishna? Pradyumna? Aniruddha or Balarama?
Why did the Kauravas hate the Pandavas from the beginning of their childhood?
Do you think what Dronacharya did was right? Why or why not?
Why did Madri (mother of Nakula and Sahadeva) commit sati but any queen of Dasaratha (father of Rama and brothers) didn’t?
Are Lord Krishna's eyes actually red?
Why should we take the Mahabharata at face value if it is the victors who get to write history? Isn't it more so when at the beginning, the Mahabharata states Pandavas as following the path of Dharma and Kauravas otherwise?
Why do Hindus offer Prasadam to God, which either way God doesn't eat?
Where can I get a soft copy of ''The Critical Edition of the Mahabharat'' compiled by Bori?
Which king served food in the Mahabharata?
What are the dissimilarities between Sita and Draupadi?
After the battle of Mahabharat, no children of Pandavas were alive then why didn't they try to conceive more children for the sake of protecting their dynasty? Were they not fertile enough?
How was Duryodhana fooled in the Kingdom of Yudhisthira?
What is the best source to know the Mahabharata story in Tamil with good understanding?
How did Ikemefuna kill? What was the reason behind?
If a project similar to 8-lane Chennai-Salem green corridor express highway is sanctioned to your state also, will you welcome it? Why?
Why did Pandu wish for more sons after getting Yudhishthir and Bheem as his heir and spare?
Who is Ashwathama in Bhagwat Gita?
If India had great epics like Mahabharat, then why was it not already powerful enough to repel foreign invaders?
Why did the Kauravas get jealous of the Pandavas?
What should I do to become what Arjuna was to Drona if I have recently joined a famous High Court lawyer as his Junior?
What steps should I take to become what Arjuna was to Drona if I have recently joined a famous High Court lawyer as his junior?
Is there any mention in the Mahabharata about the daily sleeping and waking schedule of Bhishma and Arjuna?
Did Bhishma turn back into Prabhas the Vasu after his death?
What kind of person is Mukesh Khanna in real life?
What did Bhishma state to hear the complaint from Draupadi?
Was Dhritarashtra really blind or was portrayed as such to mark his incompetency and the partiality to his son's well being?
What was the relation between Kauravas and Pandavas?
Did Kunti have premarital sex and character flaws, but this was suppressed in Mahabharata intentionally as she was a princess?
Is it dharam or dharmam?
How can Arjuna, the greatest archer, be defeated by a group of bandits while trying to rescue the Yadava women?
What were the last words of Barbarik after the Kurukshetra War?
Which Indian university provides an M.A. in the Mahabharata?
Was Krishna born in Odisha?
Who was Satyaki in Mahabharata? How was he related to Arjuna and Krishna?
Who told the story of Nal to the Pandavas?
Why is the Mahabharat mythological? Is it real? Have the events detailed in it really have taken place or they’re just myth?
Who was the father of shantanu in Mahabharata?
What are the Mahabharata contributions?
What is the main reason of Mahabharat?
Who went to Indraprastha to invite the Pandavas for the game of dicing?
Who wins the battle between Arjun and Indra?
Didn't Sanjay in Mahabharata realize that Karna was Kunti's son?
What is the role of Viswakarma in the Mahabharata?
What was the crocodile test which was passed by Arjuna?
Which books has the original Ramayana and Mahabharata stories?
What has made Karna not stop his friend Duryodhana from doing evils? If true friendship is considered, he should have stopped him to make those mistakes.
Why didn't Karn use any of his celestial weapons twice?
What do Mahabharata and its characters say specifically about intercaste marriage or relation and children born as a result of them (like chandalas)?
What would be the difference between Bhishma and Arjuna if they were the chairmen of a big company in today’s time?
How has Dwarka been described in the Mahabharat? (With real translations)
How many years did the Ramayana and Mahabharata fight took?
Why did Karna refuse to leave Duryodhana?
What is dharma according to Karna?
How do I design an architectural interpretation center for the Mahabharata?
Why was Shakuni so cruel in the Mahabharata?
Does any man have knowledge of astras or divine celestial weapons in today’s era?
Did the people live in darkness during the era of Mahabharata?
Would a man of the character and ideals of Arjuna or Bhishma achieve success in today’s world of deceit and dishonesty?
Who is the warrior in Mahabharata?
Where can I learn cool facts about Krishna? Where can I learn his cool feats and knowledge?
Who is Eklavya in Mahabharata?
How did some Yadavas survive if all Yadavas were supposed to be killed after the Mahabharata?
Why did Arjuna not want to fight the Kauravas?
Would Arjuna or Karna have been able to string the Shiva Dhanush that was used in Sita's swayamvar?
Why are the unabridged books of the Mahabharata in English very expensive?
Is there any Marathi novel written on the life of Arjuna, like 'Mrutyunjay' (that is written on Karna's life)?
What is the best source to know about Mahabharata beyond basics in simple English or Hindi?
What did Krishna actually tell to Karna?
What was the diet of the Hastinapur Royal Family in Mahabharata?
Who would you cast as your favorite characters in Mahabharata if such a movie is ever made?
What is the story of Ranchodd Krishna?
When did the Bhagavad Gita appear in a separate text/scripture/book form in any language whatsoever, including Sanskrit, as distinct from being only a part of Mahabharata?
How would a conversation between Shri Ram and Krishna be like if they both ever meet considering both are poles apart and have very different personalities?
Why did Rukmi not fight in the Mahabharata yuddh?
Who did Karan marry in the Mahabharata?
Since Ashwatthama was the incarnation of Shiva, was he superior to Karna as a warrior?
When Shantanu and Bheeshma knows about their past life then who all in the Mahabharata characters know about their past life?
Which is the best poem on the Mahabharata?
Who was the favorite son of Arjun?
What are all the names of Karn's sons?
Why did Drona ask his cook not to give Arjuna any food when it is dark?
How many parvas are there in the Mahabharata? What is the name of the first parva?
What is the name of Karna's son?
When Karna had only 5 more brothers called the Pandavas, who is Sangramajit?
Did Karna had 10 sons or 9 sons?
Who is the father of Vishwaksena and Satya Sena in the Mahabharata?
According to the Mahabharat, who is the father of Chitrasena?
Who was the father of Chitra Sen according to the Mahabharata?
From where did you read Mahabharat? Did you read the highly respected Devdutt Patnaik's Mahabharat?
Is the novel named "Mrityunjay" by Shivaji Sawant a work of fiction or was it his research?
What is one thing that you find common for all the characters in the Mahabharata?
What is the meaning of 'Danda Karna'?
Who is superior between Babruvahana and Abhimanyu?
Why did Jarasandha not attack and annex Hastinapur in the early days when it had a weak blind king like Dhritarashtra and only one old warrior like Bhishma?
Would Bhishma have made a good king of Hastinapur?
What happened with Celestial Vijaya (bow) after Karna's death?
Was Gandhari younger or older than Shakuni?
How did Karna take water in the morning before bathing in the Ganges?
What is the symbolic significance of the Indraprastha Hall in the Mahabharata?
If the Pandavas had not allowed their children to participate in the Mahabharata war, would they have survived?
If you had to fight in the Mahabharata War on either side, how would you train yourself?
How do I get a masters degree in Mahabharata?
Who was a better archer between Bhishma and Arjuna at their respective peaks?
What does Lord Krishna mean when he said 'one should not give up the work born of his nature'?
Has anyone read the original version of Mahabharata? Did Karna fail in Draupadi's swayamvar or was he rejected?
Who are some perfect characters in the Mahabharata? Who did things that are only right?
What is the climax of Mahabharata?
Without a war, what's a warrior to do?
What fearful attributes of God does the avatar of Krishna reveal? Was Shakuni justified in his fear of him?
Is it true that Draupadi in the Mahabharata was in love with Bhishma?
Is the love story of Karn and Uruvi in the Mahabharata real or fake?
Who was the brother of Vichitravirya in Mahabharat?
Only 5 persons knew the birth secret of Karna in Mahabharat, of which Duryodhan is one. How did he come to know it?
Which is the real place of Karna’s kavach?
Why did Pitamah Bhishma not attack Mathura to rescue Vasudev and Devaki from Kans?
Why didn't Krishna's sons fight in the Mahabharata?
Why was Krishna called the biggest renunciate?
Why did Bheeshma refrain Karna from joining the Mahabharata war during his tenure as the commander-in-chief?
What was the last episode of Mahabharat on StarPlus?
Who were the Pandavas? What were their names?
What is the other name of Bhishma Pitamah in Mahabharat?
How did Arjuna lose to some common robbers? Who can narrate the entire story?
What is the historicity of Hindu religious epics and the important characters within?
Who had a stronger and stable Kshatriya temperament between Bhishma and Arjuna?
What is meant by, Yajnaseni?
If the epic Mahabharata was written in today's scenario, how would it have been?
Is the Puran & Mahabharata disorted or modified? There are many sex stories.
Why couldn't Karna stop Arjuna from killing Vrishasena and Jayadratha if he was a better archer than Arjuna?
How can anyone with a logical & humanitarian frame of mind justify "Khandav Dahan" (Burning of the Khadava Forest) by Krishna & Arjuna as mentioned in Mahabharata?
Who is Shvetaketu in the Mahabharata (in the book of Mahabharats written by Kanaiyalal MaMakhanlal Munshi he is referred to as Revati's brother)?
Why was Karna so pathetic without Vijaya Dhanush?
Who stopped Janamejaya to do the snake sacrifice, Vyasa or Astika?
Is there any Nilakantha commentary on the Mahabharata in English?
Why are Hanuman and Arjuna so overrated? Hanuman was defeated by Ravana and Indrajit, Arjuna was defeated by Karna, Bhishma and ordinary robbers? They are weak, so why do fans love them?
What happened to Yadu after Yayati cursed him?
Who was Fahien?
Where can I buy unabridged version of Mahabharata and Ramayana?
Can you visualize why Duryodhana did not request or force Dronacharya to provide him Brahmastra or any devastating weapon as such?
Is it true that Arjuna was about to kill Draupadi during the war as it has been shown in BR Chopra's Mahabharata?
Who was the rightful heir to the throne of Hastinapur, Yudhishtira or Duryodhana?
As we know that Yuyutsu was only one of Dhiratarashtra’s sons who was alive, but he did not become a king after the war in the Mahabharata? Why?
Why am I not able to download the Mahabharata in Hindi?
How can I get and download all the episodes of old Ramayan and Mahabharata in good quality?
Why wasn't Surya able to protect Karna from being killed by Arjun?
Like Draupadi, will anyone dare to disrobe Parvati?
What is the role of Narada in Mahabharata?
How would you prove that all the characters in the Mahabharata with the exception of Krishna were righteous and unrighteous at the same time?
What is your opinion about the Dhritarashtra role in the entire matter?
Who was the cleverest among the Pandavas?
In Mahabharata, what was Yadu's curse given by Yayati?
Who are the Nagas in the Mahabharata?
Why doesn't the Yadavs in Mahabharata look like the Naga people?
What was the time of the Mahabharata?
What were some specialities of Nakul and Sahadev?
What was Arjuna doing when his son Abhimanyu was killed on the previous day?
Who is Satyaki in his previous birth? How did he become the brother of Lord Krishna, and was almost equal to Arjuna in valor?
What is the contribution of Karna towards his kingdom Anga in the Mahabharata? Was he a good ruler or not?
Did Yudhisthira fight and win on any noteworthy warriors in the Mahabharata War?
What is the name of washerman in epic Ramayana?
What are two arguments Krishna used to persuade Arjuna to fight?
Who was the better warrior, Satyaki or Ashwathama?
Why did Yudhishthira ask for Nakula's life?
Why do Indian serials glorify the character of Karna and create fake stories?
Why did the Pandavas chase the deer?
What was the point of the Mahabharat war that was fought to establish Dharma, when Shri Krishna knew that Dwapar Yug would only last for another few years and will be followed by Kalyug that will be full of adharma?
Why does Draupadi have to die first and not any of the Pandavas?
What's the at last conversation between Krishna and Dhronacharya from Mahabharatham?
When and how were the names of the Kauravas changed in the Mahabharata?
If Karna was taught by Drona Kripa without knowing his lineage, why did Kripa Drona ask Karna about his birth origins at the archery skills ceremony?
Who was the most righteous of warriors in the Mahabharata?
What made Karna learn war skills, instead of looking after his family (adopted) business?
What sources of the Mahabharata talk about Draupadi and Karna's love story?
Who was the son of Janmayjay?
What were the ten names of Arjuna for Chapka and Khurja?
What is the bow of Arjun known as?
Was Krishna cheap for abandoning his foster mother?
What was the age of Krishna, Arjun and Duryodhana at the time of the Mahabharata War?
Who taught Karna archery in Mahabharata?
Where can one find good literature on the Ramayana and the Mahabharata?
What did Krishna teach Arjun so he’ll be able to understand svadharma?
What was the result of the jealousy of Kaurava?
Why did Arjuna ask Shri Krishna to take the chariot to the middle of the battlefield to survey the Kurus when he knew exactly who he was fighting against?
Is there any verse-by-verse translation of the Mahabharata which includes the original Sanskrit text (in Roman transliteration that I could read because I do not know Devanagari) and English translation?
Where can I watch all episodes of Mahabharat Star Plus online for free (instead of Hotstar)?
What happened to the immortals of Mahabharata?
Where can I download PDFs of the Ramayana and Mahabharata story in Kannada?
Is Mahabharat copied from Troy or vice versa?
Which Mahabharata is better, Kisari Mohan Ganguly or Mahabharata translated by Bibek Debroy?
How was Nakul relevant and what special character he emboid in reference to 5 Pandvas?
Who was Uluka in the Mahabharat? Who killed him?
What does Shri Krishna suggest for things that are crucial for life?
In the Kurukshetra War, we frequently see the name of a warrior named Sala. Who is he? Is he same the as Shalya of Madra?
What is the role of Aryaka in the Mahabharata?
Did Lord Krishna believe in " going with the flow" philosophy of life?
Why are there so few paintings of Krishna as a warrior?
How does the mention of real locations make a story (like the Mahabharata, Ramayana, etc.) real? By that logic, even Singham would be a real story, wouldn't it be?
Who was taking Krishna to the sea?
What are the questions that Arjuna asked to God in the Bhagavad Gita? How many questions did he ask in total in the Bhagavad Gita? How many points did Arjuna specifically raise in those questions?
What had the brothers of Yudhishthira gone in search of?
Which is better, Norton Critical Edition or Worldview Critical Edition?
Which time was lord Krishna born?
Is it bad that I don't believe in God and that I just believe in one creator and find Mahabharat and Ramayana just stories for us to learn from?
Which literary work had the first mention of Krishna, the son of Devaki?
If Bhishma Pitamah vows to stand for justice (dharma), why does he stand with Kauravas?
Was Bhishma ever defeated?
Why did Arjuna blow the Devadatta Conch?
Was Karna rejected by Draupadi or he couldn't lift the bow in her Swayambar?
How did Akrura and Uddhava die? Is there somewhere in the scriptures describing their fate or what happened to them after Krishna left this planet? And what about the inhabitants of Vraja - Nanda, Yashoda etc?
What is the aim of Krishna to be born on Earth?
What was the relationship between Lord Krishna and Subhadra?
What are some things to be aware of before presenting an Orthodox Christian (sort of) with JD Smith's Abridged Mahabharata?
If Mahabharata were to be made today, whom do you think should play the important roles from Bollywood?
What are the consequences of the Kurukshetra War?
Who cursed Sahadeva that he will die if he reveals he knows everything about the future of Mahabharata?
Is Krishna a good person as he insisted Arjuna to kill the opposition and other thousands of small sainiks compared to our generation where Nagasaki bombing is seen as wrong in human history?
What is the period of Ramayan?
What is the difference between the Bhagavatham and the Mahabharata?
Who is the best archer, Karna or Ekalavya?
Why did Ved Vyas perform 'niyoga' with the Dasi when he realised that Queen Ambika had not come but the Dasi? The purpose was only to impregnate the Queens (Ambika and Ambalika) then why was the Dasi exploited by him?
Was Karna a tragic hero or an evil of the Mahabharata?
How are the personalities of Arjun and Duryodhan different with respect to the 3 Gunas?
When did the Pandavas return from Vanvas?
What did all Arjun say to Prince Uttar before starting Virata War attacks?
What boon was given to Bheeshma by Shantanu?
Why didn't Ramayana characters took part in Mahabharata?
Why do people compare Arjuna with Karna? Even Krishna said that Karna was the best warrior.
How old was Bhishma?
Why do people quote so many perverted and diverted stories regarding the debate on the Mahabharata?
In which form do we reach Krishna’s Abode? Do we get a body in Krishna’s Abode or is it just the consciousness or the soul gets merged in Krishna? What is it?
What specifically happened with Ashwathama after the war of Kurukshetra?
Is there any reason behind Duryodhana's name?
How are Ramayana and Mahabharatam useful?
Is it true to say that Mahabharata was the First World War?
Is Kali Mata present in the Mahabharata?
Where can one purchase the BORI edition of the Mahabharata, and what is the price in Indian rupees?
Like Karna, why didn't Krishna encourage Bhishma to join the Pandavas’ side? Wasn't Bhishma righteous, dharmic and peous? Why couldn't god convince Pitamah who was neutral to both sides?
Which demon is killed by the baby Krishna?
Who killed Uluka in Mahabharata?
How do I know if Lord Sri Krishna existed and ruled in Dwaraka?
Why did Bhishma Pitamah physically suffer during his last days?
Why did Bhima show his complete wrathful anger only on Dushasan & Duryodhan in Kuru Sabha? Why did not on Karna who is said to be the main person in disrobing and insulting Draupadi?
What was the promise of Guru Drona due to which Eklavya had to give his thumb? Did Karna not know the promise of Guru Drona to Arjuna? Did Drona really find Karna above Arjuna in archery due to which he provided weapons to him?
Who was Arjuna from Maharaja?
In the Mahabharata, despite Lord Parashurama being an avatar of one of the supreme gods, Lord Vishnu, how could Bhishma be on the verge of using an astra that he knew from his previous birth but was unknown to Parashurama?
What Mahabharata book should I buy in Hindi which is true to Vyas Mahabharta (as in sacredtexts.com) and contains all the facts and details, for my grandpa?
Why did Yudhishthira send Satyaki to help Arjuna on the day of Jayadratha's death when he already had the support of Krishna?
How many years did Duryodhana enjoy heaven?
Who was Vidur?
If Sahdev of the Pandava princess knew the past, future, and the present, then why didn't he know Karna as his eldermost brother?
What was Lord Krishna doing when the Pandavas were in exile?
When the various wars in India such as Ramayana one or Mahabharatha's kurukshethra or others was going on, were there ever specific people who walked unharmed through the battlefield?
What's the difference between Rathi, Ardhrathi , and Maharathi?
What would have happened if Pradyumna fights with Bhishma Pitamah?
What happened to Yaduvanshi after Gandhari curses Krishna?
Why does Krishna did not stop the war even when he is great, and can change other's mind for good?
Has Kuber given the ratha to Arjuna?
Is Mr. Prasad reading the Ramayana?
Did some Muslims and Christians exist during the Ramayana and Mahabharata periods?
Who was the mother of Gandhari?
Why was killing Sahasrabahu easier than killing Ravana?
Which parva of Mahabharat includes the character Ekalavya?
What is the birth star of Shakuni?
How was Kunti releated to Krishna?
Which ‘Epics Of India’ was written first, Ramayana or Mahabharata?
What are some lines from the Mahabharata pointing out the essence of Brahma? How do you reflect upon the articles of the Mahabharata?
What deceitful tactics had the Pandvas used against the Kauravas and vice versa?
Who are teacher of Arjuna?
Do the scriptures mention Karna's fate after his death on the battlefield of Kurukshetra?
How did Shri Krishna and Pandavas meet each other so late in life even though they were cousins?
What is conch shell blown Krishna in Kurukshetra?
What is the name of Bhishma Pitamah’s wife?
What do you think about the intrigue in the Mahabharata?
In which manner would S.S Rajamouli show Karna as a villain or as a hero in his 1000 crore movie budget of Mahabharata?
What happened to the Mahabharata’s characters after the war was over? Is it like the series shown on Epic Channel with the name of ‘Dharmakshetra’?
How do I invoke the spirit of Droṇācharya or any guru?
Why are the film makers, directors and producers not interested in making a serial based on Arjuna? Is it only because Arjuna died at the end of his life with ego in archery? Is there some other reason?
What is the relation between subhadra and lungs?
Why did not anyone of the Pandavas able to recognize Karna when he entered for the first time in the arena of the Hastinapura war field? Had they forgotten that it was the same Sut-Putra who was once in the Drona ashrama and who hated them all?
When was Ekalavya born? Who was the mother of Ekalavya?
What happened to Parashurama after the Mahabharata War?
Krishna curses Ashwatthama. What is the duration of the curse?
How did Bhishma Pitamaha relieve his natural sexual urges? Did he shag off anytime he’s considering that he had taken an oath of celibacy?
Why is Mahabharata known as the great Indian epic?
Why didn’t Drona teach Brahmanda Astra and Vaishnavastra?
Why are the Pandavas only said to be on the side of dharma when we know each and every character from both sides are a shade of grey? What is your interpretation?
Where can we get the actual original book of the Mahabharata and Ramayana?
Why does the Mahabharata's Drona Parva say that Satyajit was equal to Arjuna?
Who leads Narayani Sena in the Mahabharata War?
Why did they only revive Arjun back to life using Nagamani after being killed by Babruvahana? Why not Vrishakethu, who was the actual king of Hastinapur?
Why did Krishna not reveal Karna's real identity to the Pandavas?
Is Hanuman ji common in both Mahabharata and Ramayana?
Where can I find an eBook version of Razmnameh (the Persian Mahabharata)?
How many issues did Krishna have?
Who was the more powerful Meghnath, Bhishma Pitamah or Parushram?
Who are the four ‘chiranjives’ (immortals) in Mahabharata (one is Aswathama)?
Who provides divine weapons to Karna?
What is the real name of Duryodhan?
Who was the person responsible for Bhishma’s death?
What alternate name can be given to a Mahabharata extract?
In Mahabharata, why was Abhimanyu angry with Bheemasena and Brihandala?
Why did Krishna help Arjuna in Mahabharata?
What is the next birth of Arjuna?
Who is stronger, Abhimanyu or Vrishasena?
Why did Gandhari curse the Vrishnis to get destroyed after 36 years?
How can I invoke the spirit of dronacharya?
Who was Vidura’s wife, and how many children did he have?
Who wrote the 18 parvas of Mahabharat in the Kannada language?
Who ruled America and the other foreign countries at the time of Ramayana and the Mahabharata?
In the Mahabharata War, who died on day 13?
Why did Duryodhana fought in Kurukshetra when he knew that Krishna (portrayed as a god) in the text is with Pandavas?
What is the name of Draupadi’s father in the Assamese language?
How many days do Pandavas spent Agyatvas?
What are the names of Kauravas and their meanings?
Who is the author of Odia Mahabharat?
What is the difference between Ramayana and Mahabharata as a theme?
Why do people say that Karna defeated Pradyumna and Satyaki during his digvijay? When Satyaki alone defeated karna at-least half a dozen times during Kurukshetra?
What are all the astras and other weapons did Karna have in the Mahabharata age?
Who would win in a fight between Hanuman of Ramayana and Arjuna of Mahabharat?
Was Yudhisthira of "Mahabharata" really "Dharamraj" in the true sense?
Who would win between Krishna and Indrajith?
Do you think Dronacharya was right?
What is the main reason for the epic battle of Mahabharat?
What is the name of the role played by Arjun as a dancer in the Mahabharata?
What happened to Mahabharata warrior Ashwathama?
Is the Mahabharata warrior named Ashwathama still alive today?
What was the population of the Hastinapura at the time of the Mahabharata? How did Kaurava and Pandavas accumulate the huge army for the war?
Who is Senabindu in the Mahabharata?
How can you surely say that Mahabharata is true?
What is the story behind Svedaja and Nara? How does it relate to Karna and Arjuna?
How many horses were in Arjuna's chariot?
Where in Mahabharata is it mentioned that revenge is the purest emotion?
Who is the Chaladanka Malla in Bheema or Duryodhana?
Why is the friendship between Karna and Duryodhana not famous like Krishna and Sudama?
What is the importance of 13 years exile in Mahabharata?
Why did Arjuna tell to Bhima that Panchalas were the relatives, hence do not kill them in the Guru Dakshina war?
Did Arjuna's chariot blasted when Hanuman flag came out? What's the reason for that?
What are the steps a person should take to become the undisputed champion in his profession the way Arjuna was in archery?
Why didn't Arjun teach Abhimanyu to break the chakravyuh?
What would happen if Lord Krishna was born now?
What is TM Krishna trying to do?
Every person will have next life as per his good or bad deeds in previous birth. Then how come Karna has such a glorified life on far with Arjuna inspite of him being Dambodbava in his previous life?
In Sambhava Parva, why did Kunti say "A woman, whatever be her offence, always deserveth pardon.”? Should a woman be forgiven for killing someone too?
Who were Rajasuya and Ashwamedha?
Is the Mahabharata a poem?
Who is the lawful heir of throne according to 'The Temptation of Karna'?
Why did Draupadi agree to have five husbands? Was she forced by anyone in polyandry? Was there any political gain to Drupad? Draupadi was someone who questioned laws and was feisty. Why did she not resist this?
How come Kunti became pregnant with Karna by just wishing a child from Lord Surya? Is there any hidden metaphor or philosophical explanation of this incident?
Did Draupadi and Rukimini meet each other?
Where did Bhishma go after death?
How was the history of Shantanu conceived by Ved Vyas under the title of Jaya?
What is the name of the son of Arjun and Chitrangada?
What was the reaction of Salya when Karna was trying to pull the chariot wheel and when Karna was killed by Arjuna?
Why was Arjun not wanted to fight with Duryodhan?
When did Krishna kill Abhimanyu?
Could Ramayana and Mahabharata be the exaggerated versions of true events to create compelling stories?
Is the Mahabharata a very well-written story after the Ramayana? Is it historically true?
Do you believe there were three Tamil Sangams spanning together over 10,000 years as mentioned in Iraiyaṉār Akapporuḷ? If so, why is it not mentioned among the epics like Mahabharata and Ramayana? Have you heard about the Tamil king Musukunthan?
Who was Karan Mahabharat?
What are some best phrases you adore and get influenced form the Kuran, the Bible, the Gita, or your sacred books?
Did Sudama ask Krishna anything for himself?
If Arjuna could have killed Karna in a fair fight, then why did he and Lord Krishna choose an unethical way?
What is the relation between Bhishma Pitamaha and Ganga?
Where is it written that Duryodhana got heaven?
What was Krishna's role in the abduction of Subhadra?
How can I get access to a complete Ramayana and Mahabharata? I can only find the short versions everywhere. Is it available online by a certain publisher or something?
Why did Karna dislike the Pandavas?
What is Mahabharata? How was critical edition prepared?
Why did refuse to teach to Ekalavya?
How can we plan for visiting these lord Krishna birth places?
Why can Indra, which has become a bug, hurt Karna with Kavacha?
What was the language used for speaking and writing in India during the age of the Mahabharata?
What were Krishna’s sister’s names?
How many sons does Lord Krishna have from his 16,108 wives?
What is the exact manner of Bhishma's defeat at the hands of Arjuna?
What did Yudhistira tell Krishna when he told him not to fight?
Where was Parshuram during the Mahabharata War? Did he participate in the war?
Can a manga based on Karna from Mahabharat do well in Japan or Japanese audience?
Where can I get the Mahabharata Malayalam written Kodungallur Kunhikkuttan Thampuran?
How was Bhim justified in killing Vikarna?
Why is the time period associated with epics like Ramayana and Mahabharata not epic?
Why is Indra shown as a womanizer in Hindu epics other than the Vedas?
Who would win in a fight between Achilles and Karna?
Did Arjuna get defeated by the Sandhava foot soldier (with proof)?
Did Draupadi really used a vitriolic language against Karna in her Swayamvara? She had the right to refuse marrying Karna, but she could have done it in a humble way rather than calling him sutaputra?
What made Drona appreciate Ekalavya skills?
Why did Sudama ask his wife what he could take for Krishna's children?
After Arjun threw away his weaponry, refusing to fight, how long did the conversation between Arjun and his sarathi last before the battle started on the first day of the Kurukshetra yuddh?
What is the major role in the Mahabharata of Sama?
Who was a better archer, the hunter named "Jhara" that killed Krishna or the "suta" named "Karna” that lost to foot soldiers?
Who were the parents of Veda Vyasa?
Did Draupadi really love Karna when her love started with Karna?
What is Devaki's son?
Who is the mother of Pandavas?
What portion to read Ramayana for getting baby?
Why did Arjuna kill his brother, Karna, in Kurukshetra?
Did Karna create a second Sun in a war?
What are the negative characteristics of Arjun?
Why couldn't Kunti take back her decision of the division of Draupadi between the Pandavas?
Which Mahabharatha or Ramayana character who was otherwise noble had the 'tragic flaw' of laziness or apathy?
Can Arjuna defeat Karna in Rangbhumi?
What are the best books to read to understand Mahabharata and Ramayana which are without any distortions?
Is it true that they used atomic bombs in the Mahabharata War?
Some say they believe Ramayan and Mahabharata should be taught as history, but how do we know which version of these sacred books is the real history?
What does the map of India look like in the Mahabharata era?
What is the actual date of birth of Shri Krishna?
Who were the Samsaptakas? Did they defeat Arjuna on the 17th day?
What were the names of the Pandavas when they were in exile?
What are mind blowing facts about Mahabharata?
To what extent is the text of Mahabharata corroborated by archaeological evidence?
Why didn't Bhishma kick Shakuni out of Hastinapur despite knowing Shakuni is behind provoking everyone?
Why didn't Duryodhan get a punishment for the Varnavat incident?
What is your review of the novel 'Arjun: Without a Doubt' based on Arjuna of the Mahabharata?
How come, in the Mahabharata, the descendants of Satyavati, a Suta fisherwoman, are considered as Kshatriyas and not Sutas?
Who was Nandha in his previous birth?
Does the Rakhigarhi study prove that the Hindu mythology, the Vedas, the Ramayana, and the Mahabharata are less than 3800 years old only?
Other than Karna, who gave Arjuna the toughest fight in the Kurukshetra battle?
How was Jayadratha related to Gandhari?
Would Bhishma or Ashwathama be able to lift up the bow that was kept at Draupadi’s Swayamvar and achieve the target?
Are Hastinapur & Indraprasth, of the same time?
Which chapter did Bhishma lay Sharashya?
What is the reason why Duryodhana did not participate in Draupadi's Swayamvar?
What happened when Krishna tried to kill Kansa?
Why was Karna so devoted to Duryodhana, when he knew all along that Duryodhana was Adharmi?
Did the kingdoms of South India participate in the Mahabharata War at Kurukshetra?
Was Duryodhana wrong in believing that Karna will make him win the war easily?
Why was Karna so desperate to pull his chariot wheel? Why didn't he fight bravely with Arjuna than pleading him to stop until he pulls out the wheel?
Why was Karna so desperate to pull the wheel of his chariot? Why didn't he keep fighting like a warrior instead of pleading to Arjuna to wait until he pulls the chariot out?
What were the names of the 100 Kauravas in Odia?
In the Mahabharata, if Ashwatthama was immortal, why wasn't he not chosen the commander in chief after Dronacharya? The battle might have ended on a different note.
Which are the best paintings, pictures or images on the great "Mahabharat"?
Why did Hanuman rape the women of Karna's Anga kingdom?
Why was Karna forced to use the Shaktya weapon on Ghatotkacha when Ashwathama and Drona also had divine weapons?
What are the characteristics of Pandavas? For e.g., Bhima was known for his strength, Arjuna was known for his archery, Yudhistira was known for his truth speaking.
Why did Arjuna in the epic Mahabharata say that he will not fight Kaurava?
If Mahabharatha is made by Marvel Universe, which Marvel characters should be played by Mahabharatha characters?
If the Mahabharata is to be made by Hollywood, which actor will play which role?
What are the things you love about Star Plus Mahabharat (2013 series)?
What was the reason of Lord Krishna's affinity with Arjun among all the other Pandavs?
Is Karna a son of a demon, or not?
Was Mahabharata written before Ramayana?
What are the various stories associated with Arjun and Uloopi from the Mahabharata?
What would have happened if Jarasandha would have chosen Krishna instead of Bhima to fight in a duel?
What are the peace policies of Vidura in the Mahabharata?
What was the effect of Brahmastra in the Mahabharata when it was used?
Who was the brother of Karna whom Arjuna killed, and Krana ran away with?
What if Kamsa hadn't died and fought in the Mahabharata war? We know Krishna couldn't have interfered, then who else could have defeated him?
Has anyone done research on Ramayan like Bori did on Mahabharat?
What happened in North India during the Mahabharata?
How is the Mahabharat serial on StarPlus? Is it good?
Did Ghatotkach have the power to win the war single-handedly?
Why did other great warriors like Bhishma and Karna not try to please the gods to obtain celestial weapons the way Arjuna did?
How many sisters does Gandhari have?
Where can I find ancient books of the Puranas, Upanishads, Ramayana and Mahabharata? All current versions are distorted.
Is it true that after Abhimanyu died, Karna laughed out loudly like a mad man and he and others danced around his body?
Who was most favourite son of Kunti?
How successful do you think a set of poets sitting in the 11th century to translate Mahabharata into a so-far non-literary Telugu would have been if they had made a vow to make new pure Telugu words for the advanced Sanskrit words in the Mahabharata?
What is the raising action of the Mahabharata?
What happened to Yuyutsu after the Mahabharata?
Why didn't Duryodhana try to extend the war by appointing Ashwathama and Kripacharya as commanders respectively after the death of Karna? Why did he just ran away and hid in the pond?
What was the power of the Praswapa Weapon used by Bhishma to defeat Parshuram? Why did he not use it to defeat Arjuna?
How many days did Kauravas and Pandavas fight?
How do you believe that Krishna is with you?
How do we know that Veda Vyasa wrote the Mahabharata?
Why didn't Krishna punish Pandavas for betting their wife in the first place?
Who acquired control on his all senses among all Pandavas?
Were weapons used in Mahabharata more destructive than the current weapons being manufactured all over the world?
Was Karna not discriminated in the original Mahabharata? Did the British edit the Mahabharata?
Who is the real heroine of the Mahabharata?
Did you know that Duryodhana is an incarnation of Kali Purusha?
What was the role of Kunti in history? Was Kunti responsible for the war of Mahabharata?
Why do we call Mahabharatha a dynamic text?
What would have happened if Pandavas in Mahabharata would also formed Chakravyuha to counter the Kauravas Chakravyuha?
How can we trust the KMG version of Mahabharata as KMG is a totally anonymous guy?
How did Drona and his pupil feel after they were defeated by Ekalavya in a contest?
Whose friendship is more pure between Sudama and Arjuna for you?
Did Yudhishthira have any financial troubles when he was the king of either Hastinapur or Indraprastha?
Why isn’t Abhimanyu, the most skilled and ferocious warrior in Mahabharata, given enough credit compared to the likes of Karna, whom he had defeated and drove away from battlefields multiple times in a one-on-one single combat?
Does the Bhagavad Gita exist before the Mahabharata?
Was Lord Balarama really Duryodhana's Guru?
Who knew about the battle of Chakravyuha?
How are Jain Mahabharata writers?
Who killed a dog in the Mahabharata?
What was Krishna doing and where was he during the 13 years of Pandavas' Vanvaas?
What were the key differences in the personality and thought process of Karna and Arjuna?
How do you justify the use of metallic weapons, crowns, armors, etc. in the Ramayana and the Mahabharata since they date back to the Stone Age?
Which of the brothers did the Yudhisthira choose to be alive?
Did Duryodhana meet Kunti before the Great War? If yes, what was the conversation between them?
What has Dronacharya taught the princes?
What disservice the Mahabharat War has done to India?
Who destroyed the ancient knowledge of India after the Mahabharata to the Maurya Empire period?
The Bhagavad Gita is the ultimate knowledge imparted by Lord Krishna to Arjuna; so why do people not take the literal meaning and rather interpret it in other ways just to suit their interests?
How many of the people did Lord Krishna kill and who are they?
Who is Guru Dronacharya in Mahabharata?
Why did Dronacharya like Arjuna the most?
Was King Dhritarashtra totally blind or did he have a high vision number (-10 or -15) that was probably considered to be blind in those days?
How do I write a short note on Dhritarashtra's advice to Duryodhana?
Did the war between Lord Krishna and Banasur happened after Mahabharat? If yes, then were Pandavas involved in the war?
What is the real name of the epic ‘Mahabharata’?
Why did Lord Krishna want the Kurukshetra War to happen because if he would have wished, he could have stopped the Kurukshetra War?
When does Narada appear in Mahabharata?
What was Krishna's blood ties with Draupadi?
What is the name of the throne of Yudhisthira?
When did Krishna and Arjuna become friends?
What did you use to believe was epic that is now just embarrassing?
How many Sena is in the Pandavas team?
Who killed Jarasandha, the younger brother of Duryodhana?
Do ancient people have supernatural powers like in the Mahabharata and in Ramayan?
Is Ramayana a history or an epic?
Which series is longer, Mahabharat or Ramayan?
Was Krishna's queen Satyabhama a jealous and conceited person? What do religious scripts tell us about her character? How was her relationship with Lord Krishna?
Is it true that Maharishi Valmiki was asked by Lord Brahma to be reincarnated as Goswami Tulsidas to retell the Ramayana?
Is it true that Krishna cannot be called a Hindu?
Are Mahabharata and Ramayana real? If so, why are there are no archaeological evidences found, even if it is found, why are none listed in our textbooks?
What kind of difficulties could the Pandavas and Drupati have experienced in the jungle?
Who is Kubja in Krishna's life?
How far do you agree with Draupadi's question on mortality?
What is the setting in the story of the Ramayana and Mahabharata?
How can I meet immortal Ashwathama who is still alive after Mahabharat?
What was the cause of the Mahabharata?
Ashwathama is cruel to Pandavas but is still an immortal. Why?
Who were the characters of Mahabharata, and who were their parents?
Are there any funny/comical stories from Mahabharata?
How was your experience with Arjun Coomaraswamy?
What would have been the result if Bhishma had never taken his terrible oath and succeeded Shantanu as the King?
What would have been the result in a battle upto death between Drona and Bhishma?
Did Bhishma fight Arjuna with all his might or did he lose intentionally?
How strong was Bhishma Pitamah?
Is doing reverse engineering of Mahabharata weapons possible?
Whom did Duryodhana give as a sacrifice ('Kala Bali') for the war?
Was there any royal herd inspection in the Mahabharata?
What did Krishna ask Vasudev to do?
Guru Drona denied taking Eklavya as a student for being Sudra. Doesn't it mean the caste bias that we see today is thousands of years old, even to the Mahabharata times?
How many days did Krishna lift Govardhana Giri?
How would the Mahabharata be with Duryodhana's perspective?
Did Maharshi Veda vyasa in Srimad Bhagavad Gita mention or indicate that Lord Krishna is the Bhagaban or God or the creator of the creation and Paramatma? How did Ved vyasa come to know about it?
How did Mahabharata started & got end?
In Mahabharat, how did Madri have two twins from two different gods? Did she make love with both Ashwini brothers?
What is the history of Yadavas?
What is the name of Arjuna’s sacred chunk?
Why did the Pandavas make Draupadi to lead them towards the Matsya king but made her to follow while going to the forest for 12 years?
What made Lord Krishna a womanizer and thief in his childhood?
Could Duryodhana have defeated Kichaka in a hand to hand combat?
Why did Shri Krishna make sure that Mahabharata war took place when he himself knew that it will lead to fall of Vedic culture and the Supremacy of Bharat?

##
Who is the son of Ashwathama?
What other Indian movies set in ancient India will be released in the next few years besides the Mahabharata?
What was the main motto behind the Mahabharata War?
What age did Krishna leave Gokul/Vrindavan?
Why does Radha, whose name was not mentioned in the epic Mahabharata, get so much mention in recent stories?
What policies did Yuddhisthira adopt as a king of Indraprastha in the Mahabharata epic, which resulted in rapid developments?
What did Bhishma tell Arjun on his death bed?
Where is Ashwatthama? Is he still alive? If yes, who are his successors on Earth?
What is the name of the son of Abhimanyu and Uttara?
Why do we get the Arjuna Award in India for the best sportsperson although Arjuna couldn't even kill Karna in a fair battle?
Is Kunti a good character?
Which Yadava warrior refused to fight in the Kurukshetra war because he was related to both the Pandavas and Kauravas?
Why did Krishna not tell Arjun Karnan is her brother?
What has been said about the rights on paternal property in the Mahabharata?
What is the real story of Eklavya? Who was a great warrior, Arjuna or Eklavya?
What is the first sloka of the Mahabharata?
How big of an area is Mahabharata taking?
The Mahabharata is a dynamic text. How can you justify this statement?
What are the names of Pandava’s sons?
Who were the people among the Pandavas and the Kauravas who lead the first day of the Mahabharata War?
What are some beautiful art depicting the events of the Mahabharata?
Is the dice game the cruelest game ever, according to the Gita verse 10.36?
https://www.quora.com/Why-is-the-definition-of-Dharma-misunderstood-Even-Pandavas-were-on-Dharma-when-Panchali-was-being-harassed-They-didn-t-try-to-forcibly-stop-the-heinous-incidence-as-they-had-become-the-servants-debtor-of-Hastinapur
Who were the main proponents of mace art in the Mahabharata period?
How many people were killed in the Mahabharata?
How many slokas are there in Mahabharata?
Where is the king of Jarasandha?
Was Krishna killed by Ekalavya’s son?
Why is Shri Krishna considered God if he took birth and died like ordinary human beings?
Who is the youngest Pandava?
What would have happened if Barbareek had collided with Karna with Kavach and Kundal?
Who was the commander-in-chief of Pandava in the battle of Mahabharata?
According to the Mahabharata, who is the youngest Pandava?
Why didn't Dronacharya accept Eklavya as his student?
What made Gandhari utter a sigh while in the forest? How was this understood by her husband?
What is the role of Nakula in Virata Kingdom?
Where was the legendary city of Hastinapur located and what was the extent of the Kuru Kingdom?
Did Bheema defeat Karna or Karna defeat Bheema?
Did Kunti ever support the Mahabharata War?
As a Karna fan, I wish I could kill Krishna because Krishna hated Karna. Am I right or wrong?
If Arjuna was weaker than Karna, then how come Parasurama accepted the fact that Arjuna was stronger than Karna?
Did the Mahabharata actually happen in Kurukshetra?
What are the heights of the Pandavas and the Kauravas?
Which one will you be if given a chance, Karna or Krishna?
Who led the Kourava and the Pandava into war on the first day?
Apart from Bhishma, Drona, Karna & https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rukmi who were the other students of Parshuram?
Are there any good podcasts of Mahabharata and Ramayana in Hindi or Marathi languages?
What is name of the dog followed Pandavas?
Who acted as Draupadi on Udaya TV Kannada’s Mahabharata?
What was Krishna's vow to Draupadi?
Who was the commander in chief from the Pandavas side in the Kurukshethra War?
Who was the commander-in-chief of the Pandavas and Kauravas in the Mahabharata War?
Who gave Vaishnavastra to Karna?
What did Krishna feel hearing Abhimanyu's death?
How was the world map during the time of Ramayana and Mahabharata?
Why was Bhima's son Ghatotkacha killed?
Who was Pratheepa's father in the Mahabharata?
In my mind, Duryodhana was not responsible for the Mahabharata. It was either Bhishm, Gandhari or Satyavati. Who was really responsible for it?
What did Pandavas do in Vanvas in Hindi?
Why should we believe that Ram is not a character of an epic?
What was the biggest tragedy of the Kurukshetra War of Mahabharata?
Who are the friends of Krishna?
How many people did Lord Sri Krishna do Geetopadesha at a time?
From where can I download the Mahabharata Malayalam version?
Who is stronger, Gilgamesh or Karna (Fate Series)?
Where can I find poster of this picture of Krishna & Arjuna on chariot?
https://artcritique.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/bhagavad-gita-cover-art.jpeg
Where do you download Mahabharat in serial 1-94?
What did my friend mean when he said, "Thank God! Rahul does not have the physical power that Dhidrashtra possessed"? He said so while watching TV on no confidence motion.
Is Ved Vyas still alive? If yes, where is he?
What were the dharmas taught by Bheeshma to Pandavas when he was on the deathbed?
Who would win if there was a war between Ravana and the antagonists of the Mahabharata?
How can I worship Mahavir Karna of Mahabharat?
How it is said that the Mahabharata was written first, then lost and rewritten, then Lord Vishnu’s incarnation lived the Mahabharata in Krishna avatar and retold by Maharshi Vyasa and penned by Ganesh?
What date is Suryaputra Karn’s birthday in Mahabharat 2018?
What were the feelings of Balaram about Arjuna as a person and as a warrior from the time when Balaram saw him during Draupadi Swayamvar to the time of the great Mahabharata War, including the abduction of Subhadra?
If Lord Krishna was Yaduvanshi, why is he referred as "Thakur?”
Are there any Nagas who can share where the weapons of Pandavas are located?
How is non-violence highlighted in the epic Ramayan?
Were Kauravas really bad?
What is the logic behind the birth of Pandavas and Karna, the way it has been told in TV show (by mantra)? Was it possible biologically?
What is the good book for Mahabharata in Telugu?