Did Krishna say that he would kill Karna if he were to beat Arjuna in the battle	Krishna is the Supreme Personality of Godhead. He has the power to kill anyone, anywhere and at anytime. he needs nobody’s permission for that.Krishna was on the side of Arjun as Arjun was on the side of Dharma. Krishna is the one who directs the events not only in the war but everyday in our everyday lives. We have the power to do our Karma and He has the power to give the result of our Karma.So, the result of the wars was completely in His Hands. that’s what he says in Bhagwad Gita also. “Do your Karma, don’t think of the reward as it is not in your hands.” The results being in HIS hands, why would he even allow something like what you are saying to happen. Karna and Arjun were equally proficient warriors. Every time they had a fight it would end in a tie. Apart from all this, Krishna would never allow Karna to kill Arjun in any way.Thus, the idea of Krishna killing Karna if he were to kill Arjun should pop up from nowhere. It is not mentioned in the Mahabharat by Ved Vyas.	
Like Ramayana for Lord Rama and Mahabharata for Lord Krishna is there any mythological scripts for Lord Shiva	I can give one interesting insight about Lord Shiva’s connection with Mahabharata.It was Lord Shiva who first granted the boon of 100 sons to Gandhari.It was Rishi Durvasa who gave boon to Kunti to call any God as per her wish. Durvasa was considered as an incarnation of Shiva by many people.It was Lord Shiva who granted the boon of 5 husbands to Draupadi.It was Lord Shiva who cursed five Indras to born as Pandavas.It was Shiva who created the upper half of Duryodhana and lower half was created by Goddess Parvati.Aswathamma was considered as partial incarnation of Rudra.It was Lord Shiva who gave Psupata astra to Arjuna as well as granted him the entry to heaven.It was Lord Shiva who granted the boon to Jayadratha to be able to counter Pandavas for one day if Arjuna and Krishna was away from battlefield.It was Lord Shiva who granted boon to Amba to be the cause of Bhisma’s downfall in her next birth.It was Lord Shiva who threw his lances towards the Kouravas to kill them and it was his lances which hit and kill Kouravas army even before Arjuna’s arrows reached them - only Krishna and Arjuna saw that.Arjuna and Krishna as Nara and Narayana said to have prayed to Lord Shiva for many years in Himalaya.Read Narayana-astra Mokhsa Parva of Mahabharata to know many details of Lord Shiva.The spear/Javelin hurled by Yuidsthira to kill Salya was created by Viswakarma for Lord Shiva.After Duryodhana was killed, Aswathamma wanted a revenge against panchalas in night and he prayed to Shiva. Shiva granted him power and through his power Aswathamma was able to kill every Panchalas on that night.Lord Shiva granted Krishna the boon to have a son like him - Samba.Samba was the cause of destruction for Yadus.So without being present physically Lord Shiva controlled many events and outcome of Mahabharata.Mahabharata was story of destruction - it was done to reduce the burden of earth and establish Dharma.	The mythological stories of the form of Shiva are described in many Puranas. Prominently, they are described in - Shiva Purana, Linga Purana and Skanda Purana.Shiva Purana has been translated into English by JL Shastri. The book is available with Motilal Banarasidas (MLBD) Publishers. The copies are available on Archives [1][2] [3] [4][5] .Linga Purana (Sanskrit with English translation) is also available on Archives[6] [7] .Skanda Purana is a huge text which is also available on Archives[8] . For more details on Skanda Purana, see Shantharam Kalipatnapu's answer to To which god is Skanda Purana related?Please note that the translations are not perfect. It is always better to keep Devanagari text for reference.Hope it helps.Footnotes[1] SHIVA MAHAPURANA SANKSRIT WITH ENGLISH TRANSLATION.pdf[2] Siva Purana - English Translation - Part 1 of 4 : J.L.Shastri : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive[3] Siva Purana - English Translation - Part 1 of 4 : J.L.Shastri : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive[4] Siva Purana - English Translation - Part 3 of 4 : J.L.Shastri : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive[5] Siva Purana - English Translation - Part 4 of 4 : J.L.Shastri : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive[6] Linga Purana With English Translation Volume 1 : Dr. Narinder Sharma : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive[7] Linga Purana With English Translation Volume 2 : Dr. Narinder Sharma : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive[8] 23 Volumes - Google Drive	Shiva Purana.I just have a physical copy with me. Maybe it is available in ebook format online. I'm not sure, though. Most of the free text versions available online are abridged, from what I have seen. It makes for a beautiful read.	
Why did Arjuna being a greatest warrior become emotional at the commencement of Kurukshetra war but not others	Thanks for A2A.I have given the quote of Arjuna from the critical edition of Mahabharata translated by Bibek Debroy -There, Partha saw fathers and grandfathers, teachers and maternal uncles, brothers, sons, grandsons and friends, 92 fathers-in-law and well-wishers in those two assembled armies. ‘“Seeing them, all the friends and relatives assembled there, the son of Kunti was overcome with great pity. 93 And in sadness, uttered the following words. ‘O Krishna! Having seen these relatives here, assembled with a desire to fight, my body is going numb and my mouth is going dry. My body is quivering and my body hair is standing up. My skin is burning and the Gandiva is slipping from my hands. O Keshava! I cannot stand and my mind is in a whirl. The omens that I see are ill ones. I don’t see any good that can come from killing one’s relatives in a war. O Krishna! I don’t want victory. Nor do I want the kingdom or happiness. O Govinda! What will we do with the kingdom or with pleasures or with life itself? Those for whose sake we want the kingdom and pleasures and happiness, they are gathered here in war, ready to give up their lives and their riches—preceptors, fathers, sons and grandfathers, maternal uncles, fathers-in-law, grandsons, brothers-in-law and other relatives. O Madhusudana! I don’t want to kill them, even if they kill me. Forget this earth, even for the kingdoms of the three worlds. O Janardana! What pleasure will we derive from killing the sons of Dhritarashtra? Although they are assassins, 94 sin alone will be our lot if we kill them. Therefore, we cannot kill the sons of Dhritarashtra, with their friends. O Madhava! How can we be happy after killing our relatives? Although their minds are befuddled with greed and they do not see the sin that comes from opposing friends or from destroying the family line. O Janardana! We can see the sin that comes from destroying the family line. Why should we not have the knowledge to refrain from committing this sin? When the lineage is destroyed, the traditional family dharma is also destroyed. When dharma is destroyed, evil overwhelms the entire lineage. O Krishna! When evil arises, the women of the family become corrupted. O descendant of the Vrishnis! When the women are corrupted, hybrid castes are born. 95 Hybrid castes ensure that the lineage, and those who destroyed the lineage, both go to hell. Because their ancestors fall 96 and are deprived of offerings of funereal cakes and drink. From those sins of those who destroy the lineage and from hybrid castes being generated, the ancient dharma of the castes and the dharma of the family are both destroyed. O Janardana! If the family dharma is destroyed, those men are doomed to spend an eternity in hell. So we have heard. Alas! Because of our greed for the kingdom and for happiness, we have got ready to kill our relatives. We are certain to commit a great sin. With me unarmed and unresisting, if the sons of Dhritarashtra, with weapons in their hands, kill me in battle, that will be better for me.’ Saying this, in that battlefield, Arjuna sat down in his chariot. He threw away his bow and arrows, his mind overwhelmed with grief.”’Bibek Debroy (Tr.). The Mahabharata: Volume 5 (Kindle Locations 2257-2265). Penguin Books Ltd. Kindle Edition.I could see two reason - one is purely emotional that they would win the kingdom with killing the many of other side as well people of their own side also would die.So he pointed out what is the point of having the kingdom without the people he loved.Second was future - with all dead, what would happen to family line. The future was grim in his view and even if Pandavas get to win the war they would be till blamed for destruction of family and lineage.He considered that as sin since he was going to war with being aware about the consequence of the war.Technically Pandavas were fighting the war when they didn’t had any other choice.They would be committing sin even if they don’t fight. They would fall from Khsatriya Dharma - they were ruling class. The Dharma assigned for them was to rule. So they can’t technically take up other jobs on their wish as per custom.But here Arjuna actually visualizing what was going to happen and started feeling the pain and guilt for that.I won’t say he was right - he was supposed to fight for their right.But it takes an immense power to fight against those you love and also you know what it meant to win against them - kill your loved to win kingdom.It was his consciousness to this larger issue that made him fail in this scenario.Where the other was so blinded by their own power and ambition that they failed to see what’s coming.It was on 15th day end first time it was told that Duryodhana and others were repenting for their deeds.Even majority of main warriors of Kourava side were only seeing how to keep their own fame intact - all were worried about the question on loyalty, duty and fame even after knowing this was an internal war among relatives and they were technically nothing going to gain anything for ‘Kurus’.I agree there were many who realized what was going to happen such as Gandhari, Bhisma, Drona etc - but they couldn’t visualized it therefore they couldn’t feel the real pain.It was this which was why Arjuna was named as incarnation of ‘Nara’.Others were not ‘Nara’, they were not the special one. If everyone had visualized the destruction of the war and felt the pain the war wouldn’t have happened.	Arjun was a great warrior and a greater human. He had fought numerous battles before and killed many beings. Wars are a routine affair for him. But at the same time family means something to him. He gets overwhelmed seeing his own family members on the other side of the line. Those were the people he had either grown up with or they had brought him up and made him what he was today. The Guru who taught him how to hold a bow was to be attacked upon with the same bow. Most of his family was standing there and he was expected to kill them all and win this war.In that moment Arjun tells Krishna that even if he wins the war and gets his kingdom, would it be worth it? If these people won't be alive to see and be there, what is the purpose of winning anything? With these questions in mind Arjun decided not to fight and sat there. This was Arjun the great Man and not a great warrior.Also, in Virat Parvati, when Uttar is alone in Virat and Kuru Sena calls for war, Arjun drives his chariot and takes him to the battle field. When Uttar sees his enemy, he goes meek and remembers that he is just a child! What will he do against the great Bhishma, Drona, and Duryodhan. That time Arjun reminds him of his valour and skills and tells him that he just has to remain on this chariot while Arjun will fight on his behalf. He need not worry! At that time Arjun was protecting someone else's country. He was helping Uttar. He didn't feel he was being selfish in attacking his own kin because he was just defending. Years later. Arjun become Uttar. Krishna becomes Arjun. There is a doubt. He doesn't want to fight. And Krishna tells him, that he just needs to be there on the chariot, whatever will happen will be done by him (Krishna).	
My grandfather told me stories from Ramayana and Mahabharta when I was kid Who taught you about Ramayana or Mahabharta	Ramayana and Mahabharata were unraveled to me in several stages:Mom telling me stories from the epics, which I can never forget.Reading the episodes from both the epics in the monthly issues of Chandamama magazine which had unmatched illustrations, imprinted in memory forever; serialised translations in other magazines.Listening to Harikathe on radio, especially by Sri Gururajulu Naidu.Some excerpts of the two epics in school Sanskrit, Kannada and English curriculum.Televised serials in Doordarshan by Ramanand Sagar and BR Chopra; movies based on the epics.Reading prose translations of both the epics in Kannada.Kannada novels and short poems based on the two epics.Studying the epics in original Sanskrit, with a better understanding of the Sanskrit mahakavya tradition; studying other Sanskrit mahakavyas and natakas based on the epics.Attending lectures on the two epics by various scholars.Reading Kannada mahakavyas of both the epics; attending gamaka rendering of these Kannada mahakavyas, a unique performing art of Karnataka, in which a musician sings the verses set to Karnatic classical ragas , while another scholar explains the verses.Some yakshagana and taala-maddale performances based on the epics.Reading and rereading the epics, which is a joy! :)	You are 100% right.Your question reminded me my childhood period actually, when I was a school going student of Standard Two-Three class.In fact, what I used to hear the story of Lord Sri Ram and sri Krishn during my school life is still in my mind is even today. My mother and my grand mother used to narrate the story of Sri Ram and Sri Krishn at every night, while I was to sleep. Without hearing the story of Lord Ram-Krishn, I would never go to bed for is my daily routine to hear story of Sri Ram-Krishn/It was my family custom that they all after having dinner at night, they used to sit together and narrate stories of Supreme Lord Sri Ram-Vishnu & Krishn.So, with hearing stories of our scriptures, questions arises into my mind about Lord incarnations and what is the importance of human being etc. So, this insupired me a lot and I was guided by my mother and Grand mother to follow the principle of Sri Ram always.When I met My grand father, he though was not perfect in story of Sri Ram- Krishn, but he used to sing Sri Ram Bhajan every early morning on Harmonium. In fact, it is because of Bhajan of My grand father at early morning, my whole family members used to leave the bed. He said to me to sing always Sri Ram Bhajan at every morning. His bhajn of Lord Ram-Narayan or Sri Krishn always tickles me in my heart. I wanted to know how is Supreme Lord/Bhagwaan and his mystery. Where does he resides and how is his Lok Vaikunth, /saket, Golok etc.Later, There were lots of question being raised in my hearts. But my parents and Dada Ji were not so perfect to explain so deeply. So, I contacted Many Pandits for temples for its solutions. But they were not able to satisfy me. My mother told me to follow Sri Ram always in my life, so I decided then to always try to follow him.When I grew up and as per instruction of my Mother, I started reading Sri Ramayan- Bhagvad Gita and later, I read so many Hindu Scriptures including Purans and other Ramayan also.Thus, Bhagwaan Sri Ram- Krishn became my ideals and my goal for my life. Sri Ram is Ishta of my family today. Though some are devotee of Lord Sri Krishn too and some are bhakta of Lord Shiva too, but Sri Ram is isht of everyone for my whole family. Apart from it, Hanuman ji is also most favorite one.Hence, Lord guided me a lot and he always saves my life. There are several times, I was to die, when Sri Ram saved me directly. So both Sri Ram-Krishn are most important for me.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	Ramayan and Mahabharat are folklore in India. Everyboy knows these. A few who want to understand in minute details, study from books.	
What is the science behind Kabach Kuntal of Karna in the Mahabharata	Karna is the incarnation of lord Surya that is SUN and he is born with Kavach and and Kundal no body can destroy him as long as it is there on his body it was embedded, hence he cannot be destroyed that is why Duryodhana was banking on Karna for the win in Kuruskhetra,knowing this Lord Indra came as a brahmin and asked Karna these two things and Karna being famous for donation that is why he was called as dana shoora Karnaand therefore Karna knowing pretty well he is Indra removed from his body the Kavach and Kundal with his sword bleeding profusely gives it to the brahmin who is Indra and then only Arjuna who is the avathar of Indra could kill Karna this is the story behind Karna’s death To protect Arjuna Indra did this act and Karna also had curse from Lord Parushu ram his guru in teaching the various weapons to be used during the war and the cures was because Karna lied to his guru and said he is a brahmin and did not disclose his identity as sutha varna	The other day I bought a high tech car that came equipped with a keyless entry and keyless ignition system. The remote for keyless entry into the car, which is an elaborate electronic circuit, has the size of a common key. In the initial days when the car was still new to me, whenever I needed to enter into it, I with the remote in the pocket of my trouser, used to step towards its door. With the front door's handle of the car within the reach of my hand, i used to take out the remote from my pocket, hold it under the gaze of my eyes and thumb press the tiny unlocking button of the remote. Following an electronic click sound, I used to pull the handle softly to open its door. Releasing my body on the driver’s seat , I with my thinking focussed on where to go and by which route, used to casually drop the remote key into one of those tiny box shaped grooves formed by cutting into the plastic- cladding he sidewalls of the interior . This action of mine , by taking advantage of my absentmindedness used to create some sort of ruckus inside the car at the time of exit, when i used to search for the remote key for locking the car , everytime when we are required to leave the car at the parking place. My twin sons used to be the first to advice, ‘ look inside your pockets Baba, I bet you will get it there.’ Not finding it there, I used to ask my wife, ‘ Why not you peer into your handbag. I might have handed it over to you after entering.’ My wife ,always totally unmoved by such request, used to throw tantrum at me for not keeping things at the right place. Then sneaking back into the inside of the car, she used to engage herself in searching for the same. Within seconds she would be emerging out of the car with the remote key in her hand. Dangling it in front my eyes , she used to blame herself, ‘ what a mistake I have done by marrying this person..’ I think it is my misfortune that I have never seen her being little grateful to me for having driven the car so nicely!Then one day, a showroom mechanic, seeing me opening the door that way, advised me, 'Sir, there is no need of taking the remote key out of your pocket. You are just required to have the key with you, in your pocket or in your handbag. Pointing towards a small black button that the door handle was fitted with, he told , ‘Door will unlock itself, whenever you will press this button of the handle. But the door will not unlock itself, when someone not having the remote in his pocket or handbag ,would press this.’Then I enquired,’ if I wear this remote as an amulet (kavach) in my arm or as a pendant of the gold chain that I am wearing around my neck,would the door open on pressing this door handle button?’‘That would be best sir, because once that is done, you can simply forget about the requirement of a key that would enable you lock or unlock or drive the car. You wont have to search for it inside the pocket of your trouser or in the crammed , dark leg space of the car. No one else you, would be able to open its door. If someone enters into it by breaking its window or cutting its body, he would not be able to switch on its engine. Because the engine ignites itself only when the remote is inside the vehicle.’ The mechanic told in an assuring voice. At this very moment, I received a jolt, because I got the answer to a question : What exactly were Karna’s Kabach and Kundala? Why did he lose all his powers at the very moment he handed over the same to Lord Indra? This very question kept me intriguing since the first time I read the following part of Mahabharata.Duryodhana, the son of Pandus brother (and now king) Dhritrashtra, patronised Karna and made him the king of Angadesh. Duryodhana, in fact, groomed him so that one day he could challenge Arjuna. Indra was apprehensive that Karna, by virtue of his phenomenal skills as a warrior and his invincibility ensured by Kavach and Kundal, might be able to overwhelm Arjuna. So, on the eve of the duel of Karna and Arjuna, the win in which would go as far as deciding the fate of the battle, Lord Indra, the rain God and king of heavens, guised as an old Brahmin visited Karna just after he(Karna) had finished his morning worship. Lowering himself to his knees in front of Karna, he begged for his Kavach and Kundala. Karna had vowed that at the end of his every day Morning worship, he would do a charity in which he would not turn back anyone begging for any article that he had in his(Karna,'s) possession, empty handed. Indra considered this as an opportunity to weaken Karna, by compelling him to part with his Kavach and Kundala by pleading at that hour, for those articles as gift. The Sun God appearing in his dream the night before, had cautioned Karna that Lord Indra would ask for such a gift. Nevertheless, Karna was so generous that he could not refuse anyone. Despite being aware that Indra in the disguise of a Brahmin was playing a trick on him, he did not hesitate to part with his Kavach and Kundala, which were parts of his body since birth and which made him invincible. He slashed his chest with a knife to extract the Kavach and ripped off Kundala (Earlobe).Then he bled profusely. Lord Indra was taken aback at Karna's determination to sacrifice in order to preserve the sanctity of his vow. He said, ’Karna, what you have done today, no ordinary mortal could have done. I am immensely pleased with your generosity. You can ask for any vardaan’. Karna said, ‘if you are truly pleased with me, then please arm me with your weapon Shakti.’ Shakti as a divine weapon was so powerful that it had the capability to destroy any enemy’. Lord Indra agreed and gave Shakti to Karna, telling him that he could use it only one time. Thereafter the weapon would return to him (Lord Indra).I think both Kavach and Kundala were actually two small remote commands (electronic circuits). Kavach (visualise it as tiny as a SIM that you have in your mobile) was implanted below the layer of the skin of the chest of Karna right after his birth by his father Suryadev (an alien who came from a distant star’s planet, much advanced in science and technology). Kavach was the remote command to an array of missiles and an elaborate missile defence system. Only the person having the remote command (Kavach) with him can launch the missiles (Brahmastra, Pasupatastra, Narayanastra etc.).Similarly, the missile defence system would protect the person who have the remote command (Kavach) with him. Now imagine that you have gone through a surgery to implant the remote command circuit of your cars keyless entry system beneath your skin. This would ensure that no one can take away the car from you. Even if someone forcibly acquires your car, it would be useless to him, as its engine will not run in absence of the remote command inside it. Imagine that yours is the only car in your locality. You have kept it unlocked in a crowded open place. People are trying to open it,to run it and failing miserably. Nevertheless, whenever you place your hand on it, its door opens up ...whenever you have placed yourself inside it, its engine starts.The same was with Karna. Whenever he was around, the missiles would be launch- ready. Only Karna was capable of launching those missiles. Similarly, the missile defence system would protect Karna only. Kundala was another remote module, fixed into his ear, which used to receive voice command( password) of the person wearing it for launching those missiles. My interpretation of the story goes like this..Incising the skin of his chest with a knife, Karna extracted the remote command ,ripping off his ear he took out the Kundala and handed both the articles over to Indra. Consequently, his missiles became useless to him. Moreover, he became vulnerable to missile attack of his opponents. Thus, he lost the battle against Arjuna.In fact, I would not be surprised if some day it becomes public that Barrack Obama, immediately after taking the oath as the President of USA, had to undergo a small surgery to get the remote command of the USA’S nuke arsenal, implanted somewhere underneath his skin and another- a reverse surgery prior to retiring as Prsident. Put Russia's Vadimir Putin in the same bracket.Going back to Shakti missile given by Lord Indra to Karna for one time use only, what Indra had given to Karna was indeed a onetime password (OTP similar to ones, Banks give you or you get during railway seat reservation). In fact, Maharshi Durvasha on getting satisfied at the service of Kunti had actually given her the extremely secret personal mobile number of Suryadev, which culminated into the birth of Karna as the son of Suryadev.	While there are no proved science behind the Kavach and Kundal as far as I have read.My point of view is that maybe it could have been this way:Karna would not have had the Kavach and Kundal by birth. It is mentioned in every version of Mahabharata that Karna does Suryanamaskar daily without fail. His own body become strong enough to bear any weapon due to that yoga practice.(It is still said that yoga practices make our body strong) He would have gained a golden glow which the poets and writers in due course converted into a golden Kavach.Still this remains only a explanation for Kavach. About the Kundal it remains a question mark.This is only my perspective. It can be different maybe. We can discuss upon this. All are welcome Jai shri Krishna	The Science is The Greatest Grand daddy of all sciences called Lord Shiva a.k.a Adiyogi. And he chose to call that science as Yoga roughly translated as Union of all the elements. So Mr. KARNA in his previous (or maybe a series of previous lives) life performed penance of extreme degrees to be granted with 1000 Kavach and Kundalas(of course along with 1000 heads to have ears to wear those), Now The twin sages Nara-Narayana, a plenary expansion of Lord Krishna performed penance and attacked This Karna of previous life in tandem with perfect coordination of penance and attack to Remove 999 heads and 999 Kavachas I.e 999 bodies of this demon. While they took so long to do that the Universe's Yugas came to an end and it was time for Restart. So it restarted and Karna was born in Dvapar yuga(In the time in between he was in suryalok mostly or abode of the Sun God in whose glory is the Gayatri mantra of Rig Vedas written). Now this Science I know of. If you are asking for the Science in which Karna's KnK symbolise something metaphorically then I am sorry, I cannot help.Know this however if you know of the Vaishnav texts that Karna's Kavacha and Kundal were the sole reason in his previous life for the sages Nara-Narayana delay in being able to finish his each body. And these twin sages had taken rebirth in the Dwapar Yuga as Arjuna and Lord Krishna respectively. And even in this life it took the Pair of Krishna-Arjuna to finally kill him, Archery and God! And it is said the significance of Lord Indra's deception to get his KnK was that had he not, the pair of Krishna as a charioteer and Arjuna as the Archer, wouldn't have been able to defeat Karna, only Lord Krishna's original Virat swaroop would have burnt and destroyed Karna(which of course he couldn't do since he had vowed not to fight at all, not to kill at all in this battle), so that is it. Nothing else. Pure and simply explained with no Extra commentary attached. Hope I answered your query. Please don't ask what the Kavacha and Kundal were made of, just assume the strongest and most durable element that existed then. Thank you.Note: Why I mentioned Lord Shiva and Yoga in the beginning is because that's the science that Karna his Kavacha and Kundala.	
Rama and Lakshmana had a strong bond Who had a stronger bond Krishna and Arjuna or Krishna and Balarama 1	Lord Rama and Laxman were brothers in Ramayana, Treta yug. As it is said that Lord RAM was seventh human incarnation of Lord Vishnu and Laxman was incarnation of Sheshnag (multiple-headed nāga upon whom rests Lord Vishnu in the primordial ocean of milk called Kshirasagara).Same as in Dwapar Yug, Lord Vishnu took His eight incarnation as Lord Kishna and Sheshnag as Balram, Kishna’s elder brother.Bonds in both period are same as both come out of same origin but due to role of Lord Vishnu in difference yug (era) is different. It resembles that Lord Kishna and Balram has less significant in comparison to so many other characters in Mahabharata.In Ramayana, Vishnu as Ram is Maryada Purusottam, always bound to the human boundaries. But in Mahabharata, Vishnu as Kishna is Supreme GOD. Every thing hare in Mahabharata is Bhakta (devotee ) and Bhagwan (GOD). But relationship between Kishna and Balram is same as between in Ram and Laxman. In both cases, strong brotherhood relationship.	
Which yuga does Ramayan belong to	Satyug because god ram was in this period	Treta Yuga	
While reading Mahabharata I started supporting Kauravas especially Karna Bhisma Drona Am I evil	Go ahead and support them, BUT do learn from them -Duryodhana had only one wife and never contested to have another. As evil as he may be, his love and devotion for his wife was examplary.Learn how to trust a friend.Learn how NOT to abondon a friend as Karna never abondons Duryodhana, even when Krishna told him that he was eldest of the pandav and will be the king without a war.Learn from Duryodhana that talent must be recognized. Duryodhana made Karna a king even when everyone does not want him to. That gave him a very powerful ally.Also learn to choose quality over quantity. Duryodhana chose narayani sena and Arjun chose Krishna. Rest is history.Learn to never disrespect a lady. U do that, u are doomed. At the same time, do not support false feminism.Learn to NOT stay quite when there is tyranny. Resist at all costs. Now, the war would have been avoided if Maharathi’s like Drona and Bhishma spoke against Duryodhana disrespecting Draupadi.Learn that skin color does not matter. Krishna was dark so was the most beautiful girl of that time - Draupadi ( Her birth name was Krishna - meaning black )Learn that no one is right or wrong, only circumstances are right or wrong.Learn that strategy and good advice can win over sheer numbers. Pandav fought with 3/4 of the army.Learn that respecting your enimies can save u future wars. Pandav, at one time only wanted 5 villages and offered Duryodhana to keep the rst of the empire. Duryodhana refused just to humiliate them. Had he given those 5 villages, there would have been no war.Learn from Duryodhana that overconfidence is as good as loosing a war.Learn to choose a good adviser. Duryodhana chose Shakuni over Vidur, Pandav chose Krishna.Learn NEVER to gamble. Draupadi was lost in gamble.Also learn that all policies and practices needs a reboot from time to time. Now, had Bheesma not supported Kaurav, there would have been no war. But he was bound by a decision he took and forgot to change as per circumstances of that day.Learn from Duryodhana or from Ravana. Learn from anyone and u should be ok.	
Why do some Arjuna fans believe that Lord Krishna could give his wives too if Arjuna asked for Do they not know that the same Lord Krishna also said that Arjuna deserved for hell	Hehehehehe u seem to be a higly F’up guy….lol	
What happened to Karna Kavach and Kundal after the Mahabharat Is it present in the real world	Karna’s kavach and kundal was given to indra who came in the form of brahmin and asked karna to dana to him karna agreed and gave it to the brahmin who is none but indra, indra new this power if karna he also knew as long as these are in karna’s body he cannot be killed also karna had taken an oath that he would kill arjuna lord indra came to know and asked for those and karna gave them that is why it is not available on the earth.	
Even though Rakshasha warriors like Alambusha and Ghatotkacha had their personal reasons to fight in the war why were they allowed in the first place in a war of human warriors	Don’t get carried away by how they are depicted in cartoons. RAkshasas are also human beings only. They have the demonic character and that’s why they are called RAkshasa.Example is RAvaNa who was born to a BrAhmaNa, who did not practice the profession of brAhmaaNa, but has become a kshaTriyay with demonic character.	There are needed to fill the incomplete sentences in fate of the war	
Is there a Barbarik story in the original Mahabharat Is there any proof of his so called strength	No.It's found in Skandapurana.About his so called strength.,It's only a belief., belief like the strength of Bhima.Do not attribute much importance to it.Belief and fact are two different things.	
Is it untouchability existed in Mahabharata which is the lowest caste in Mahabharata	During the Mahabharata period there existed four categories of people based on their work which eventually became a identity by birth.Brahmans - Those who offered Yagnas to God's and prayed for the well being of the whole societyKshatriyas - The protectors of the society. (The Pandavas, Kauravas and the whole royal family belonged to this category)Vaishyas - The tradersShudras - All the other people except the above mentioned come under Shudras (Satyavati before her marriage belonged to this category and Karna's foster parents also belonged to this category)I don't know whether untouchability existed. But yes the high caste low caste discrimination existed.Jai shri Krishna	
When did the epics Ramayana and Mahabharata take place scientifically and historically How much does the time period differ according to religious texts	Mahabharat took place at the end of dwapar yuga i.e. around 5000 years ago.Ramayana took place somewhere in starting (first half ) of tretayuga, i.e. around 2000000 years agoTime division as given by Vedic scripturesPic source: my phone gallerySrimad Bhagwatam explains division of time in detail. Pls click following link to read it:SB 3.11: Calculation of Time, from the Atom	
Due to which previous life karma did the Pandavas suffered almost their whole lives	You can find the answer for your questions in this linkWho were the previous Indras that incarnated as the Pandavas?Jai shri Krishna	
Did Draupadi only accept Subhadra because she was Sri Krishna s sister	No. Draupadi accepted every co wife without protest. False notions are getting promoted these days courtesy fiction writers,self proclaimed Mytho scholars and TV shows. I think I don’t need to name who they are..since they are more popular nowadays than Veda Vyasa,Sukthankar or Kisari Mohan Ganguli.Draupadi never made a rule that none of the co wives should enter Indraprasth. Pandavas had other wives who lived with them at Indraprasth and later at Hastinapur. Asramavasa Parva clearly gives an account of this..Coming to Subhadra ,there was no question of her being accepted by Draupadi because she was Krishna’s sister. Like all other co wives co existed ,Subhadra also had the right to stay with Arjun in Indraprasth.Dont go by Star Plus episode that showed Draupadi’s objection in a totally different way making her the selfish wife who did not allow any co wife inside Indraprastha.Panchali was miffed with Arjun not with Subhadra.She was hurt only when she saw Subhadra with Arjun.and she must have had her own reasons. Subhadra was not the reason for her displeasure. The other Pandavas also had their wives ..the Epic did not mention Draupadi’s discomfort or objection.Draupadi’s words to Arjuna on that occasion were more towards her position in Arjuna’s life . Whether Subhadra,or Chitrangada or some one else that was not her concern. Her target was Arjun,who returned after twelve years with his new wife. She was upset about the moments she has to share with Subhadra where Arjuna will be the common interest.She wept before Arjun and sulked saying..that when the second knot was tied first knot loosens.taM draupadI pratyuvAcha praNayAtkurunandanam |tatraiva gachCha kaunteya yatra sA sAtvatAtmajA || 15||She said “ go there where the Satvata princess ( Subhadra) is..”If there is another princess in Subhadra’s place she will add her name. It makes no difference as to whether he brought Subhadra or Chitrangada. All that matters to Panchali is the man who brought his wife.Whatever she did or said it was between her and Arjun.She did not extend her anger to Subhadra.Heartfelt blessingPanchali blessed Subhadra that she will be the mother of a heroic son. She did not give any hint to her of her displeasure towards Arjuna . She welcomed her properly and maintained a good relationship with her through out. So it is wrong to say that Subhadra got special treatment due to Krishna .When Pandavas went to forest the Epic mentions Nakula’s wife Karenumati taken to her country just like Krishna took Subhadra to Dwarika.Co existing wherever they lived..Panchali and her co wivesSanjaya’s description of all the wives of Pandavas living together in Hastinapur.Pandavas visit the hermitage Of Dhritarashtra ,Gandhari And Kunti along with their wives. Then Sanjaya introduces all of them to ashram dwellers in the following manner.ExcerptThis lady, of eyes as expansive as lotus petals, who seems to have touched the middle age of life, whose complexion resembles that of the blue lotus, and who looks like a goddess of Heaven, is Krishna, the embodied form of the goddess of prosperity.Draupadi was described thus.1 She who sits besides her, possessed of the complexion of pure gold, who looks like the embodied rays of the moon, in the midst of the other ladies, is, ye foremost of regenerate ones, the sister of that unrivalled hero who wields the discus. This was Subhadra.This other, as fair as pure gold, is the daughter of the snake-chief and wife of Arjuna. This was UlupiThis other whose complexion is like that of pure gold or like that of Madhuka flowers, is the princess Chitrangada. This was Chitrangada.This one, that is possessed of the complexion of an assemblage of blue lotuses, is the sister of that monarch, that lord of hosts, who used to always challenge Krishna. She is the foremost wife of Vrikodara. She was Valandhara,Bhima’s wife.This is the daughter of the king of Magadha who was known by the name of Jarasandha. Possessed of the complexion of an assemblage of Champakas, she is the wife of the youngest son of Madravati. She was Sahadeva’s wife VijayaPossessed of a complexion as darkish as that of the blue lotus, she who sits there on the earth, and whose eyes are as expansive as lotus-petals, is the wife of the eldest son of Madravati, This was Karenumati wife of Nakula.Only Yudhishtir’s wife Devika was not present there.HenceI would like to request those who believe fake stories and think that Draupadi prohibited the entry of her co wives into Indra Prastha but accepted Subhadra because of Krishna,to stop and think how improper it is to say so. It is always advisable to go with authentic versions not by other sources.Bori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Adi Parva Ch 213Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parva sec.CCXXIIIAsramavasa Parva Section XXV	
Why is Lord Vishnu called Vasudeva Was Lord Krishna called Vasudeva because that was his father s name	God comes to this world in human form in every human generation to preach divine knowledge to uplift us. God is unimaginable and invisible, in the upperworld He enters into an energetic form to become Lord Vishnu. The same God enters a selected highly devoted human being on the earth known as ‘SON OF GOD’ to become Human incarnation of God like Rama, Krishna, Jesus etc, by this we human beings can see God here.The starting point is unimaginable God, who is one only (since two unimaginable items can’t exist) and existed before the creation in isolated state. Such unimaginable God (Parabrahman or Jehovah or Allah or God indicated by silence of Buddha and Science or God negated by atheism) created some little imaginable space and the mechanism of this creation is unimaginable (Since in the world, we are aware of imaginable item creating other imaginable item through imaginable mechanism.).The space is not absolute ‘nothing’ since it is subtle energy. The unimaginable God created an energetic body with the help of this subtle energy occupying some space (A part of that original ‘some little space’ already created is used in the preparation of this energetic body. Other remaining part of that original ‘some little space’ is used for the occupation by this energetic body created.). The unimaginable God merged with this energetic body and became the first energetic incarnation called as Datta or Eshwara or Hiranyagarbha or Narayana or Sadashiva or Father of heaven.The word Datta does not belong to any religion since it means only ‘given’ (unimaginable God is given in imaginable form to the future souls) and hence, Datta Swami is fascinated to use this word. Shankara used the word ‘Eshwara’. Ramanuja and Madhva called this Datta as ‘Narayana’ since Narayana is the name of God in the present time in which the world is maintained by God. Other religions in the world called Datta as Father of heaven.After this, further creation was done by Datta. Datta is the unimaginable God mediated with this first energetic form and the creation is always done by the unimaginable God viewed through this medium only. Datta has no end since the unimaginable God will never separate from Datta. Datta created the five elements (including creation of further space) from which the plants were generated and from plants the food is prepared in the form of grains, fruits etc. From this food, the soul (awareness) is generated.The energetic beings like angels (souls in energetic bodies) exist in the upper worlds whereas human beings (souls in human bodies made of matter and energy) with materialised bodies exist on earth. God as Datta entered some energetic and human beings and identified Himself with them to become energetic or human incarnations. Even the human being on this earth becomes energetic being since the soul from human body enters energetic body after death and goes to the upper worlds. The subtle energy, originally created by unimaginable God is inert energy, called as Muulaprakruti from which matter and awareness were also generated by its modifications. Upper worlds are made of inert energy only, which along with energetic beings are invisible to human beings on the earth due to will of God having unimaginable power.[The unimaginable God is the creator of every item of the world and knows everything even though He is not awareness. He burns everything in the end even though He is not the fire. He does everything since He is the creator of everything in this world. Such unimaginable God became Datta or God given to the souls as imaginable form by merging with the first created energetic form or Lord (after creating space or subtle energy or the root material of creation called as Mula prakruti. Hence, whenever you start with the first energetic incarnation or Lord, the Mula prakruti co-exists as the material cause of further creation. Hence, the unimaginable God before creation is in unimaginable absolute plane whereas the Lord is always in the relative plane doing further creation using Mula prakruti. Shankara refers the unimaginable God in absolute plane before the creation of even the space or Mula prakruti. Ramanuja and Madhva always refer to the Lord, Who exists along with already created Mula prakruti.). Such Lord Datta(Father of Heaven) is eternal since the unimaginable God will never leave this first energetic incarnation called as Father of heaven or Datta or Ishwara or Hiranyagarbha or Narayana or Sadashiva.When the human incarnation(like Rama, Krishna, Jesus, Mohammad, Buddha, Shri Datta Swami etc) is formed, the unimaginable God does not enter the human form directly. He enters the human form as Datta only to merge with it so that the merged human form becomes the human incarnation. Here, the medium of Datta (inert energy) is similar to the medium of human incarnation (inert energy along with inert matter. Since the inert matter is another form of inert energy, the inert matter can be also taken as the inert energy. Not only the inert matter, but the awareness is also a special work form of inert energy only. Hence, the medium of Datta containing awareness and inert energy is similar to the medium of human incarnation, which contains awareness, inert energy and inert matter).]The energy of the body of the first incarnation is only a part of cosmic energy and it is the same as the cosmic energy in qualitative sense and not in quantitative sense. The unimaginable God present in the first energetic incarnation created further cosmic energy, which is qualitatively the same as that of the energetic body of Datta, but, different in quantitative sense. The quantity of energy of the energetic body of Datta is very less compared to the quantity of cosmic energy. But, the little energy of the energetic body of Datta is omnipotent since the unimaginable God merged with Datta.Adishakti is the entire cosmic energy, but, the Gopika( a female closest devotee of God) is created by the same unimaginable God representing this entire cosmic energy. Every human being is a mini-representative model of Adishakti only like Gopika since the body and the soul are modification of the cosmic energy only. The energetic body of Datta is having relative awareness (created by the modification of inert energy) with which the unimaginable awareness or unimaginable God is merged. The awareness in the body of representative model of Adishakti (Gopika or any human being) is also relative without unimaginable awareness, which is the soul.The difference between Gopika and ordinary soul is that Gopika is the real devotee of God and has the full grace of God on her. Such a real devotee of God becomes the master of God and hence, is praised as the divine Adishakti.The first energetic incarnation (Eshwara or Datta) is again absorbed in three energetic forms called Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva to make them God Brahma, God Vishnu and God Shiva respectively. The first energetic incarnation is called as Datta because Datta means the first energetic form through which unimaginable God is donated to the souls in energetic bodies in the upper world. Datta is also the first energetic incarnation that is introduced to humanity also because rarely for a very short time Datta appears to human devotees also.Datta, the first energetic incarnation in human form, is also called as Divine Father by Christianity. Islam takes this first energetic incarnation in formless lump of energy called as Allah. Christianity also accepts this formless energy as Holy Spirit. In the Veda also this formless first energetic incarnation appeared to angels in the name Yaksha or Brahma, for the sake of which, the king of angels (Indra) did penance for thousand years. In view of the energy being close medium of unimaginable God, this Yaksha is also told as Uma, who is very closely associated to unimaginable God called as Shiva.You need not doubt that the unimaginable God in this lump or human form of inert energy has inert energetic medium only without awareness since nervous system (matter) was not yet created by the time of expression of Datta (Divine Father) or Yaksha (Uma or Holy spirit). The reason is that the unimaginable God in the inert medium develops awareness by His unimaginable power.If you analyze sharply, awareness is not an entity like house, tree etc. It is only a specific mode of work and the work itself is a specific form of energy. Other modes of work are talking, walking, looking etc. Awareness means just the process of knowing only and is not an entity to be called as God. Hence, we can say that the formless energy or energy in human form is not inert due to the presence of unimaginable God, who can do anything including the process of knowing or awareness due to His unimaginable nature.Therefore, Datta in Hinduism or Divine Father called as Jehovah in Christianity (first energetic incarnation of unimaginable God in human form) and Uma or Yaksha in Hinduism or Holy Spirit in Christianity or Allah in Islam is inert energy with form and without form respectively, which are full of awareness due to the inner unimaginable God. Thus, the first type (Datta or Jehovah) and second type (Yaksha or Allah) are one and the same since the difference is only in having form or having no form only. This difference is only a theoretical angle because form is not as real as the material cause. In this way, you can find the unity in Trinity, which is the Unity in the Philosophies of Hinduism, Christianity and Islam.Datta or Father of heaven is first energetic being and not human being. After merge with unimaginable God, the first energetic being became Father of heaven or Datta. Adam and Eve are the first set of human beings created by God Datta or Father of heaven, who told Adam and Eve not to touch a specific fruit. The Father of heaven tested the human couple for its faith in Him.Adiparaashakti is the Mulaprakruti created by unimaginable God as the first item of creation, but, the unimaginable God didn’t merge with Adiparaashakti. He merged only with the first energetic being to become Datta or Father of heaven. Adi=first, Paraa=best and Shakti= power or energy. This word can be used in different items based on its applied meaning.1)The first created subtle energy is first and best energy and hence, can be called as Adiparaashakti.2)The first created energetic being before the merge of unimaginable God can be also called by this word because the first energetic being contains both awareness and inert energy. The word ‘paraa’ is fixed in awareness because awareness is the best created item. This first energetic being is first (Adi), contains awareness (paraa) and contains inert energy (Shakti) also.3)The first energetic being after merging with unimaginable God becomes God Datta or Father of Heaven, who is masculine form. God Datta is beyond gender and can appear as male Father, called as Eshwara and simultaneously as female Mother, called as Adiparaashakti.4)Adiparaashakti can even mean the unimaginable God. Adi = it is the first item before the generation of second item. Paraa= it is beyond the imaginable domain. Shakti = the unimaginable power. We should not be confused with the words provided we are clear about the concept, which is beyond the words. It is said that if you are caught in the forest of words, you will not come out (Shabdajaala mahaaranyam…).This concept is only to show that the Father of heaven is beyond gender and also beyond any specific form. This means that the Father of Heaven (Datta) appears as Hiranyagarbha or Narayana or Sadashiva or Adiparaashakti or any form of ultimate God of any religion. The unimaginable God is beyond gender and beyond any specific form looking in the form and gender as desired by the devotees. By this, the Father of heaven gets universality of all world religions and all sub-religions in a religion (like various divine forms of sub-religions of which Shakteya is one sub-religion in Hinduism). Shankara brought unity in all the sub-religions like Shaiva, Vaishnava, Shaakteya, Gaanapatya, Skaanda and Saura having Shiva, Vishnu, Adiparaashakti, Ganapati, Skanda and Surya as the main deities in Hinduism. He brought unity in all the divine forms due to presence of same unimaginable God in all those forms. In fact, all these forms appear simultaneously as different forms of the same form, called as the first energetic incarnation, due to the unimaginable power of unimaginable God (Parabrahman) merged with the first energetic incarnation. It is just like the same photo of one form of God looking as different form of God by seeing in a different angle!If you take Adiparaashakti as energetic being (not merged with unimaginable God), She represents also the creation as product form. If you take her in the causal form, She can be the non-mediated unimaginable God directly or God Datta looking as Divine female form, which is mediated unimaginable God. If you take her in product form, she is the creation. In this way, Vedanta-line speaking about God Datta resulting from Parabrahman (unimaginable God) and the Shakteya-line speaking about Adiparaashakti are not at all different. In both the forms, the same unimaginable God exists. Hence, whenever you use the word Adiparaashakti, you shall be cautious about your intention i.e., whether you like to mean the cause of the creation or the creation (product) itself.1)The first energetic incarnation, called as Datta meaning that the unimaginable God is given to the world through the expressed form, is universal satisfying all the religions in this world. Just like You see a photo (developed by a special photographic technology) with different divine forms through different angles, Datta is seen as different divine forms from the angles of various religions by the corresponding devotees due to the unimaginable power of unimaginable God existing in Datta in totally merged state.2)He looks as God Brahma, God Vishnu, God Shiva, Goddess Adiparaashakti and as any divine form of any specific religion in the world. Hence, not only unity in the unimaginable God exists, but also, the unity in various forms of imaginable mediated God also exists due to the unimaginable power of unimaginable God existing in the mediated God. The form, dress etc., appear as per the liking of the devotees of any religion. Universality is the main aspect of the policy of God since all the souls having different tastes are His issues only.3)There is no difference between unimaginable God and Datta because the merge is not only homogenous but also eternal. Datta may leave the human incarnation at any time if the human being component becomes egoistic, but, unimaginable God will never leave Datta at anytime in future. Due to this oneness, unimaginable God indicated by ‘that’ (tat) and Datta indicated by ‘He’ (Sah) are used as alternative words in wishing the creation of the world in the Veda as —‘That wished (tadaikshata)’ and ‘He wished (sa iikshaam chakre)’. The word ‘that’ means unimaginable God, who is beyond gender. The word ‘He’ means Datta in masculine gender even though He can appear in any gender due to His unimaginable power.The unimaginable God is beyond space and time and He remains unimaginable due to this reason only. From the unimaginable God, imaginable space etc., were generated, which form this entire imaginable world. In the worldly logic, there is no single example of generation of imaginable item from unimaginable item because in the imaginable domain (world), there is no unimaginable item at all — like this, if one realizes, let him belong to Eastern religion or Western religion, such a person is omniscient. This is My logical conclusion.The unimaginable God created subtle energy or space so that an energetic body is created from subtle energy and remaining subtle energy is in the form of space, which is occupied by the created energetic body to be called as absolute space since such first energetic body will never disappear. The unimaginable God enters this first energetic body called as first energetic incarnation or Eshwara or Lord or Father of heaven (Allah/Narayana/Yahewah etc) called as Datta meaning that the unimaginable God is ‘given’ to the world for clear vision. Such incarnation is called as descended God because the omnipotent unimaginable God can alone cross the unimaginable link between God and space to come down. This first energetic body bound by space can’t cross this link to become ascended body. This first energetic incarnation enters other energetic bodies and human bodies to become energetic and human incarnations respectively in future.This Father of heaven merged by unimaginable God creates the five elements and souls gradually due to His unimaginable power, which form this entire world — like this, if one realizes, let him belong to Eastern religion or Western religion, such a person is omniscient. This is My logical conclusion.Neither the energy present in this form nor this form is perishable and hence, this form is eternal like the unimaginable God. This indicates that there is no difference at all between Me and the unimaginable God (Parabrahman). You can say that I had birth (because My energetic form was created by unimaginable God) even though I am eternal like unimaginable God.The similarity is in present and future and past (non-existence of My energetic body with leftover single unimaginable God) will never be repeated. If You think of repetition of the past time, it equals to the unimaginable God committing suicide, which is the greatest sin as told by Him in the Veda (In suicide also, the soul doesn’t destroy itself and destroys its body only.). In the case of any other human being, body may be destroyed, but not the soul. In this case, body is never destroyed like the soul. Since My divine form alone looks like all other divine forms (just like a picture in the photo looks like different pictures by special photography), You can treat every divine form as eternal.The first energetic incarnation along with merged unimaginable God is the common item in every medium and thus, same God is common in all religions even though media differ. Hence, only one God exists in all religions. Religion is the path to please the same one God. Religions differ due to the difference in the level, language, culture, etc., of different souls in different regions. The starting point or soul and ending point or God are same in every religion. Hinduism with many sub-religions is a mini representative model of world with various religions and in both (sub-religions of Hinduism and religions of world), we find internal unity in external diversity — like this, if one realizes, let him belong to Eastern religion or Western religion, such a person is omniscient. This is My logical conclusion.	Krishna's father's name is http://Vasudeva.So Krishna is called Vaasudeva..Long Aa like Raama. Like in Aadhar card as.That is http://English.It is an incomplete and insufficient script for Indian languages.	Lord Krishna is son of Vasudeva. Hence he is called as Vaasudeva(not vasudeva).Krishna is incarnation of Lord Vishnu. Hence Vishnu is also called as Vaasudeva.	
Are the horoscopes of the Pandavas Kauravas Bishma Karna and Lord Krishna really available to read and analyse	I don't know about Karnataka bhisma ,pandavas,kauravas but horoscope is available of Lord Krishna in book written by bv Raman: notable horoscopes	
Who wrote the whole Mahabharat in Telugu in Akbars time	The Mahabharatham is the first full-fledged literary work available in Telugu literature. It was written long before Akbar was born i.e. in 1022 AD. by Nannaya Bhat, the court-poet of Rajaraja Narendra the king of Andhra. By the way, FYI, South India was never ruled by the Moghuls. The Southerners were not at all aware of a North Indian Sultan called Akbar for several centuries after his demise, up until the British came and introduced history lessons in the schools of South India.	
Who is Ajatashatru in the Mahabharata	Yudhishthir was called Ajatashatru in the Mahabharata because he didn't nourish enemity in his heart for anyone. He loved Duryodhan, Shakuni, Dushasan and Karn too who made his life and life of his brothers and wife hell. Even Dhristrastra told him Ajatashatru. He was one of the greatest person of that era.He did Rajsuya and Ashwamegh yajna in his life both. Later he becsme emperor of India. He was son of Pandu and Kunti and brother of Bheem and Arjun. You can say that he was not only Ajatashatru and great king but a royal saint too.	
Why did Lord Krishna have a sudarshana chakra while Lord Rama didnt	Namaste!Hinduism is not simply a religion with multiple gods and instructions of rituals.Hinduism is an effort or tradition to observe, record, perform/practice science of physical and of that which is not physical yet ever present and seed of the physical. Vedas are these books where great Rishis began this process. And around 5000 years back this entire knowledge was summarized by Shri Krishna in the battle of Kurukshetra. We call this summary Bhagawad Gita.Without getting into a full story and making this answer an essay, I will directly jump to the core answer.Vishnu Avatars essentially are evolution of living being on earth. Each stage of evolution is presented as a new Avatar with specific progression of either physical evolution or emotional evolution. Thus Shri Ram is refereed as “Maryada Purshottam”, which basically means an Ideal Man with respect to different stages of a Human being. These different stages are Student, Adult, Grihasta/family man, Retired or Advisor.As Hinduism is more about discovering absolute truth than practicing rituals, Rishis of that time, continued their quest to find out more about evolution of the physical and connection of life on earth.Next Vishnu Avatar, Shri Krishna is refereed as “Poorna Purushottam” means Complete Human. Which also means, physical evolution on earth ends with becoming a Human being. But does that mean evolution itself stops?Of course not, evolution continues in the behavior, its called emotional evolution. And only that person who is able to understand this behavior is able to truly find peace love and happiness to be able to find true self and exit from the cycle of birth and death on earth.To understand these behaviors one can look at weapons or figures of these deities.The humanoid form of Shri Krishna is represented with 4 arms, holding a wheel/Chakra, representing continuous evolution with time, club/Gadha, representing strength, Conch/Shankh representing courage and lotus flower/Kamal, representing empathy with Helmeted head Represents guarded and controlled mind.A human being who is able to achieve these qualities will be irreversibly successful and will be able to achieve freedom from cycle of life and death on this planet.Shri Ram was driven by Goodness and Goodness alone, and he could not evolve beyond goodness. Shri Krishna teaches to evolve behaving beyond goodness, passion or of course ignorance. The chakra is an indication of this purpose in a Humans life.Hope this answers.Dhanyawad!FINDING PEACE LOVE & HAPPINESS: Self-help from Bhagavad Gita eBook: M Sadavarte: Kindle Store	See, Two things you must affirm to if you are asking about Lord Krishna or Lord Ramachandra and they are1)Lord Rama and Lord Krishna are cent percent the same person descending on earth at different times playing different roles according to the lesson they wanted to convey to the inhabitants of Mother earth.2)Lord Krishna is the primordial being of the Universes and also the creator of it and descends in his complete form as krishna in Dvapar Yuga as very well but, metaphorically explained in an answer before.So if you affirm to the above 2 points(which I humbly assume that you do) , what your question really means to ask is where was Lord Krishna's sudarshana chakra when he descended on earth as Lord Ramachandra since when he was Lord Rama he had 2 hands, while actually he has 4.Here's another hint :Well,during the 14 year exile of Lord Rama, Sita Mata and Lord Lakshman, The Sudarshana chakra had put Lord Rama's Slippers below the King's Chair and administered the kingdom during his absence as a proxy king, that is he was in the form of Lord Bharata, Lord Rama's brother from another mother.Another way to explain my point is, the sudarshana chakra I. E Lord Bharata would have looked funny rotating around Lord Rama's fingers. Quite a Hypnotic sight it would have been.	Although both are one and the same the incarnations were at different times for different purposes. Rama wanted to be a good human being and performed his duties as a king,son,warrior,friend,husband etc(for those those times,in the present times it may not look so compatible with the society rules.).He used divya (divine)astras (arrows)learned from guru.Krishna on the other hand used the chakra when he felt the need.Krishna was not king.Only in his war with Lord Siva he is seen to have used divine arrows which were countered by siva .Jambavan (an immortal monkey who was a commander in the monkey army against Ravana) was shown himself in the form of Rama by Krishna.When they met in his cave over a dispute and had a hand to hand fight ,Krishna defeated him after a prolonged fight then Jambavan opened his eyes(too old to open his eyes even)and regonised Krishna as Rama(Rama had given boon to Jambavan after the Ravana conquest that only he can defeat him in a fight.)	Because, Lord Rama preferred to be mostly in the role model of a ideal human being. Hence, His divinity was hidden at most of the events during Ramayana.	
Why was Krishna avatar so naughty and clever while the Rama avatar was serious and sincere	Lord Rama is referred to as Maryada Purushottam while Lord Krishna is referred to as Purna Avtaar. The reason behind this has to do with the avataras' visesha (particularity) and purpose.Lord Ram was endowed with 14 kalas and Lord Krishna with 16 kalas.Lord Ram had first 14 kalas but the last two were missing viz. Paripurna & Swarupavasthitha.Here Paripurna means complete knowledge of all forms of awakening and Swarupavasthitha - swarup + avasthitha means established in his real true self.This is because of a boon to Ravan. He was promised that no god would kill him. So Lord Ram intentionally hid his 2 kalas and behaved like a common man to fulfil the boon that Ravan would be killed by a man. This answers why he cried for his wife and the reason for taking help from monkeys.Rama's avatara was to lead by example in the path of Dharma. Dharma has boundaries at every stage and every aspect of life-Conduct(how to be)Action (what to do)Speech (what to say and how to speak) etc.Since everything that Rama did and said adhered to these maryadas(rules) that are supreme for humans, he is a Maryada Purushottam. He descended on earth to teach people duties of a religious person as a king, a husband, a son, a brother etc and to establish Dharma Rajya.Lord Krishna, on the other hand, did not confine himself to the limitations of a human life. He demonstrated his divine nature and capabilities unhesitatingly and in all their glory. Krishna's avatara visesha is the fullness of divinity. Hence he is Purna Purusha. This is not to say that Krishna did not respect dharma. He did. But his observance of dharma is an underlying thread and superhuman feats are the highlight.Bhagavatam extolls Krishna as "Bhagavan Swayam" which is another testament that Krishna displayed all the glory of the supreme.Lord Krishna's mission was more diverse than Sri Ram, it was multi-faced. He descended to teach practically everything under the sun, from yuga dharma to highest flights of vedanta and yoga. This could be witnessed from his activities. He wasPhilosopherYogiRenunciantLoverWarriorDiplomatKing maker etc.It is impossible for one person to possess all these and that too in totality. Therefore, Krishna wasn't only the Supreme Person but while descending, he came with all his opulences.A Poorna Avatar is the one where the avatar is full conscious, simultaneously about the three planes of consciousness-His Jiva formHis God formHis Turiya (Brahm) form.Lord Ram was aware of his Jiva form and Turiya form but unaware of his God's form (that too for a special purpose).Sri Krishna is the only avatar who was fully conscious of all the three states of existence, simultaneously.So it is said that Lord Krishna was Poorna Avatar not in the sense that he was superior to Sri Ram but because his mission was integral and all-inclusive.	I have limited knowledge of the purposes and stories relevant to both of the avatars of Lord Vishnu, but I think I can explain it in a practical manner.Many of us might remember how your parents/ grandparents or relatives etc might have told you about the things you have done during your childhood, like how talkative you were, how naughty you were, what you used to eat, how you were looking, nickname etc. But you are not that same kind of person now, you may look similar, talk similar, but your behavior changes, etc. Does that mean that you are not the same person they know before? No, you are the same person, your age, physically and mentally, changed and you behave according to your age. It is quite similar that God, whenever he manifests Himself, changes according to the time, according to the goals He has to fulfil, according to the love/might of the friends(here, devotees) and/ or enemies (here, evildoers or Rakshasas) he faces in that Avatar etc.Now, let me try to explain, according to my perception, why Sri Rama and Sri Krishna have different personalities, although both are the avatars of Lord Vishnu!Sri Rama was born to Kausalya Devi and King Dasaratha. He was the ELDEST of the four sons of King Dasaratha,He was responsible for His siblings, even though none of them are His own brother, because He was taught in a traditional atmosphere that elders are responsible for the behavior of youngers and their behavior is imitated by younger ones, the times of Tretha Yuga has a separation of Dharma and Adharma, hence Sri Rama was taught Dharma as an ELDEST brother, ELDEST son, most likely heir and the Prince and future King of Ayodhya, right from childhood. He learnt a lot more from His association with sages like Vashishta and Viswamitra, he was a popular king as he had a down to earth personality and friendly and cordial approach to the then people of Ayodhya. He performed His duty as a son by abdicating throne for Fourteen years and similarly, Lakshmana and Sita followed Him because of admiration and their association in emotional and traditional manner. He didn't attack Ravana directly, no one would have questioned Him even if He had, but He followed the procedures to persuade the enemy, warn him against war and massive destruction, showed him the mighty Vanarasena He has and finally went for a War after all the failed attempts to stop the Brahmin Scholar King. This is because Sri Rama was TAUGHT to maintain calm, follow Dharma according to the time period He lived in, where good and bad existed separately, in different families/ clans/ region, etc!Sri Krishna was born to King Vasudeva and Devaki Devi, was separated from them at the moment of birth itself and was raised by cowherd Nanda and Yashoda Devi. He was born intelligent, He knows that His maternal Uncle Kamsa was behind Him, sending demons to kill children born on the same day of His birth! He was born in Maya, born along with Yogamaya Devi, so He had that Maya within Himself! So He wasn't taught much about Dharma in a formal way, so the reason why He wasn't considered equal by the likes of Jarasandha, Sisupala, Dantavakra, Duryodhana etc. Yet He was admired and liked by Rukmini, Satyabhama, Subhadra, Balaram, Pandavas, especially Arjuna etc. That's because of the time period He lived in, where good and evil coexisted within a single family/ clan/region etc and the people who understood His purposes and experienced His love reciprocated the love they got!So, Sri Rama, born out of Vedic rituals and brought up in atmosphere of Dharma has been Satvika and Karyasadhaka Purushottama (Soft hearted dedicated highest level of men), whereas Sri Krishna, born out of Maya, brought up in an ordinary cowherd (Gopala) atmosphere has been Gopijana Manasa Chora and Maya Nataka Sutradhari(the heartthrob of Gopalas and the mastermind behind the illusionary drama of the material world).That's why Gitacharya says that whenever there's a rise of Adharma and purity is destroyed by evil, He shall manifest Himself according to the Yuga!	Long time ago when daityas became so powerful that they become undefeated in the battle with devas and won the swarg and Earth numerous times.Devas used to pray to Lord Vishnu for help and Vishnu appears each time and faught with datyas.Sometimes they get killed and if they become indestructible due to the boons and other means than Lord Vishnu uses his diplomatic skills to kill them.So when Lord Vishnu takes human form.He either kill the bad people directly or uses diplomacy.Now coming back to your question.The fact is that there is difference between the character of Ram and Krishna even they are both Vishnu avatar.Lord Rama killed Rakshas directly face to face that is why they are more serious while Krishna killed them diplomaticly that is why he is very naughty etc.	
If Draupadi is considered to be one of the ideal women why did Vyas make her life so painful that no woman would desire to lead Does he mean to say that a woman has to undergo immense pain to attain such a high	First of all, Draupadi is not an ideal women, not an ideal wife but yes she was an ideal caretaker and a strong bond that has connected the Pandavas through their hardship or struggle .Let me explain :-WHY NOT AN IDEAL WOMEN?How a women is to be ideal if she not only laughs on somebody's fault but also humiliated him by saying that one sentence which eventually brought that great WAR.Words like “ andhe ka beta andha hi toh hoga”English version- A son of blind man must be a blind man.These words will easily bring chaos in everybody's heart even today and DURYODHANA was the YUVRAJA of Hastinapur at that time , so it was not only the insult of one man ,it was the insult of whole KURU dynasty.2. Choose not to marry karna. Now few say that girl has the right to choose . Of course they have, but the reason must be a viable .He refused to marry karna because he was from a “ shudra” community . So she has done caste discrimination and still you think her as of ideal women.VYAS hasn't made her life painful , it was her own deeds and karma that has brought her this fate, Vyasa just written it down for the world to read and learn from her life.He just wanted to say that no matter you are queen or wife of great pandavas, friend of LORD KRISHNA you have to go through all the struggles of life and karma is the universal law for all. And it's you only who has to pay for your own deeds.Comments and suggestions are welcomed.Thank you.	
If Radha is fictional do we believe in a lie	Do we believe in Krishna. If yes then Krishna and Radha are said to be one soul living in two bodies. The reason for Krishna to be on Earth would not be completed with Radha being included. Hence if Krishna is fictional then Radha too is fictional	
How many great warriors did Duryodhana kill in the Kurukshetra War or the whole Mahabharata epic in general	You won't mention victories of your enemy in your story Don't youMahabharata was changed during timeFor your kind information it's Suryodhana not Duryodhana	
Wasnt Narayanastra the most destructive weapon in the Mahabharata	Narayanastra was one of the three Mahastra:BrahmastraNarayanastraPashupatastraAll three are considered equally destructive. However the way to counter them are different.Brahmastra can be countered only by other Brahmastra. But if you do so, it will lead to the Starvation for another 12 years. In Mahabharata, Arjuna freed Brahmastra against Ashwatthama's Brahmastra. But Vyasa and Devarshi Narad interfere and didn't let both weapons hit each other. Later Arjuna called his Brahmastra back but Ahwatthama didn't know how to do it. That's why he hit Uttara's womb with the Brahmastra causing death of Pareekshit, but later Krishna revive him.Narayanastra can be neutralized only if you surrender before it. Means it won't attack people who surrender or kneel down. Otherwise no one can counter it. In Mahabharata, Ashwatthama only knew Narayanastra and he attack Pandavas with the mighty weapon. But as per Krishna's suggestion, everyone kneel down and hence Narayanastra didn't hurt anyone. Only Bhima didn't kneel down but Krishna forcefully made him surrender.There is no counter of Pashupatastra, neither it's area can be limited. So practically it's the most destructive weapon. There are very few instance when Pashupatastra has been used. Lord Shiva used it to destroy Tripura. Shriram used it against lord Shiva in a war. Meghnad also jad that weapon along with Brahmastra and Narayanastra but he never used it. Meghnad was the only warrior in history who had all three Mahastra, that's why he was considered as AtiMaharathi. In Mahabharata, Arjuna got it from lord Shiva but never used it.पौराणिक काल के योद्धाओं का स्तरजब दो ब्रम्हास्त्रों का सामना हुआराम-शंकर युद्ध	
How such large number of people got killed in the war in Mahabharat as told by Yudhisthir when the total number of people in 18 Akshauhini aggregates to less than 40 lakhs	How such large number of people got killed in the war in Mahabharat as told by Yudhisthir, when the total number of people in 18 Akshauhini aggregates to less than 40 lakhs?Man, get your facts right!Yudhishthir did not recite the Mahabharat, Ved Vyaas did. And the other narrator is Sauti at Janmejaya's yadnya.Now let's come to the term akshauhini.An akshauhini (one akshauhini) is equal to ten anikini.One anikini is three chamus.One chamu is three pritanas.One pritana is three vahinis.One vahini is three ganas.One gana is three gulmas.One gulma is three senamukh.One senamukh is three pattis.One patti is a formation of one chariot, one elephant, five foot soldiers and three horses.1 chariot + 1 elephant + 5 soldiers + 3 horses = 1 patti1 Senamukh = 3 chariots + 3 elephants + 15 soldiees + 9 horses1 Gulma = 9 chariots + 9 elephants + 45 soldiers + 27 horses1 Gana = 27 chariots + 27 elephants + 135 soldiers + 81 horses1 vahini = 81 chariots +81 elephants + 405 soldiers + 243 horses1 pritana = 243 chariots + 243 elephants + 1215 soldiers + 729 horses1 chamu = 729 chariots + 729 elephants + 3645 soldiers + 2187 horses1 aniki = 2187 chariots + 2187 elephants + 10,935 soldiers + 6561 horses1 akshauhini =21,870 chariots +21,870 elephants +1,09,350 foot soldiers +65,610 horsesAssuming one person on each chariot, elephant, and horse (refusing, for some unknown reason, to recognise the existence of the drivers of these animals aka charioteers and mahouts), get a total of 39,36,600 men.For some reason, you seem to think this number is small. Let me tell you this number is 70 times all the army personnel died during the three India-Pakistani Wars combined!It is almost three times the number of armymen who died in the Iran-Iraq War of the 1980s.It is double the number of official deaths during the Partition of India.And this war was fought in 3100 BC when there weren't 700 crore people in this world. A vast majority of men in Hastinapur were completely wiped out. From these 40 lakh people, very few main people survived, some of them being:Shri KrishnaThe PandavasYuyutsuAshwatthamaKrupacharyaKritavarmaAll this because one man refused to give his cousins their right. Forget right, he didn't even give them five villages.	Well, I will not get into the calculation mode. Let’s understand that the over all world population at that point of time was not as high as today. Even if it comes to 40 lakh people, it is a huge number.The point of talking about the huge loss of life and livestock in Mahabharata was to show the outcome of great wars. For the interest of a few, lakhs of men, women, and animals, loose their lives. Hence, if wars are avoidable, they should always be avoided.	Do you want know How? Then listen, By fighting against each other army. Got it.	
What is the greater good of Draupadi marrying the five Pandavas	The plot of Mahabharata revolves around the main characters: Pandavas and Kauravas. This epic describes various events which culminate in the great war of Mahabharata.Draupadi has been the most powerful character in the entire epic. She was the princess of Panchala kingdom, wife to the five Pandavas and an enigmatic woman with great wisdom and devotion towards her husbands. Everything about Draupadi is fascinating. The tales of her enigmatic beauty, her pride, her devotion, her love, her insult and her great vow are all equally mesmerising.But how would it have been to be a wife of five men, who happen to be brothers? But as the mystery unfolds, we come to know that Draupadi was pre-destined to have five husbands due to a boon in her previous birth. Let us find out exactly why Draupadi had five husbands.Lord Shiva's BoonIn her previous birth, Draupadi was a daughter of an ascetic. She was unhappy because she wasn't getting married. Frustrated by this, she started a hard penance to please Lord Shiva. After many years of penance, Lord Shiva was pleased with her and appeared to grant a boon. She asked for a husband with five qualities.QualitiesDraupadi asked for five qualities in her husband. The first that he should be a moral man. Second, he should be valiant. Third he should be good looking. Fourth, he should be knowledgebale and fifth that he should be kind and loving.Not Just One ManLord Shiva thought for a while and then he said that all these five qualities could not exist in one person. Therefore he blessed Draupadi with the boon that in her next birth, she would have five husbands who would possess all the five qualities, individually. Hence, when she was born as Draupadi to king Drupad, she was pre-destined to get married to the five brothers.A Mother's MistakeAt Drapadi's swamvara, Arjuna won a challenge in which Draupadi was offered as wife to him. Arjuna childishly addressed his mother first "look mother, what we have brought." Assuming it was simply alms, Kunti un-mindfully and unassumingly asked her son to share whatever it is with his brothers. Thus to obey his mother's order (either on general principle or because of Arjuna's aforementioned vow, all five accepted Draupadi as their wife.Draupadi didn't agree with this decision, so Lord Krishna explained to Draupadi that her unique position as the wife of five brothers resulted from her previous birth. She was born as Nalayani. There was a very big discussion as well, held by sage vyasa with eminent people of that kingdom for a couple of days who are answerable to the subjects of that kingdom, before agreeing to the Draupadi's marriage. Vyasa has such a foresight that he expected that people of kali yuga would have such questions. Vyasa then with the power of his penance shows the people in that conference the real identities of all the 5 Pandavas as one Indra energy. So, there is no awkwardness in Draupadi marrying 5 Pandavas.Lord Krishna said ," You will spend one year with each husband. Others will be forbidden to enter the chamber in which you and the husband-of-the-year are staying. If one does so, even accidentally, he would be exiled for one year.	If she had married Duryodhana or Karna…they belong to adharma then she also had joined adharma but under the guidance of Lord Krishna and to withstand Dharma she had married pandavas after many critical situations.	
Who more strong in strength among Bhishma Balram Karna Bheem Jarasandh Keechak and Duryodhan	In Mahabharatha, there is no such a thing as who is stronger. All the persons mentioned in the question, have unique strengths. But all have their own weaknesses. In management, we have SWOT analysis. Strength, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats. The events in Mahabharatha is recognising this SWOT and strategise to win over the other. The problem of Pandavas, especially, Yudhistira, is that he is sticker for dharma. Upholding Dharma is a very difficult task and for that one needs vast knowledge, perseverance, endurance, forbearance, patience, equanimity of mind, struggle against all odds, conviction and absolute clarity in right action. These insights are given by Sri Krishna mainly and Vyasa, Vidura, Sanjaya, etc.You yourself can analyse all characters and heroes, including the ladies, Kunti, Gandhari and Draupathi and find out how they act in each circumstance. You will appreciate what rights or wrongs made by them. But first, have a clear concept of what is Dharma and how it’s intricacies are webbed into the narration of the great Itihaasa. When we analyse we can learn a lot, with the result, that at least to the best extent practicable we do not commit such mistakes, so that our life can also be glorious, at the same time be on the path of Dharma.	I hope you mean Physical strength ..anyway…..Out of the list that you have given….It should really be Balaram…..But we have no narration of display of his strength in Mahabharat! And we being told him to be the incarnation of Adishesh (!)..We have to keep him outside while comparing…SOIt leave ONLY BHEEMSEN….HE was capable of defeating ANYBODY in the Mahabharat storyAnd his character displays this since his birth!Keechak,Jarasandh and Dusrodhan have been killed by the Same man - who defeated Karna several times! Bheeshma was more known for his skills with archery..I would VOTE -BHEEMSEN - alone.	First place goes to Balarama.Then comes Bhishma.The third is KARNA.The fourth is Bhima.The fifth comes Jarasandha, Keechaka and Duryodhana.Balarama is said to be incarnation of Adiseshu. Hence, the first.Bhishma defeated Parashurama in battle. Hence the second.Karna dragged Bhima with the horn of his bow on the ground. Hence the third.Bhima killed the other 3 hence he is fourth.Of course, Bhima beat Karna but that does not count as he took 14 days to beat Jarasandha where Karna beat him with less effort. Its obvious.Besides, Karna will not kill Bhima and Bhima cannot kill karna.	Basically strength includes not only the strength of body but also mind and heart ..so according to me karna is strong because he, even after knowing that Arjuna is his brother he continued to stand against him in support of Duryodhana	
Which is the most complete and closest to the original version of the Mahabharata in English I want to read it properly and fully but not miss out on anything	Thanks for A2A.There are two options.One is Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation based on Northern Edition And Nilakantha commentary Bhava Dipa. It almost serves purpose as there are negligible translation errors..You have Debroy Vivek English Translation Of Bori Critical Edition Of Sukthankar. It is easier to read this in terms of language as KMG used aristocratic English which often tends to get complicated ..and obstructs the flowBut Debroy had done glaringly visible errors in translating Sanskrit words that resulted in changing the whole perspective sometimes. Still it is an easy read..so it can be chosen..mostly because it connects us to Bori,the ultimate.	As mentioned Kisari Mohan Ganguli's English translation is the unabridged version of Mahabharata. Also know as KMG MahabharataYou can read it for free online here:Sacred-Texts: Hinduism	I took this from a Tamil book by S Ramakrishna.(a writer)His recommendations for English Mahabharata1)Kisari Mohan Ganguli edition (available in net)2) Mahabharata with commentary of Nilakantha_Gopal Narayan&Co,Bombay3)short version by R.K.Narayan_The Mahabharata4)poetical translation by Dr.P.LalThese may or may not be complete or closest version.But I hope this will help you	Why don’t you try Mahabharata by Rajaji ( C Rajagopalachari) ? I have found both Ramayana and Mahabharata by him to be marvellous. Here’s a link:Buy Mahabharata Book Online at Low Prices in India	Jaya by Devdutt Pattnaik	
Does the BORI CE version of the Mahabharata contain any details about the Pandavas serving meat to the sages	Mahabharatha says those who are capable of sending the killed animal during the yagna to the heaven immediately after the death he may consume the meat and others are prohibitedthis is applicable up to dwapara yuga onlywhere as kaliyuga it is totally prohibited instead they must offer the pashu made of flour and preforming the yagna with the sacrifice of an animal is prohibited not only prohibition but it becomes a sin and the person who killed the animal will be born as an animal in the next or subsequent birth and the animal which was killed in the previous birth will be born as a human being and kills the animal who had killed him earlier.usage of meat is totally prohibited particularly to the Brahmin community in kaliyuga mahabharatha says a man who eats meat will be born as an ugly person in the next birth and will be ill treated by the people in the next janmaLord shiva tells all these to his beloved life parvathi in Anushasika parva and lists out the details of each sin done and the result of the same and which type of sufferings he has to bear is clearly indicatedit is really surprising all the sins are listed and nothing is left out it is really worth reading and try honestly to leave those actions which causes a great damage in the next birth. one may ask how to believe these aspects the answer is simple one person sees the things clearly where as the other one is totally blind also one speakes fluently where as the other one is dumb one walks freely where as the other one is lame since we practically see the opposite things the person who has not sinned enjoys life with that organ where as other one is deprived of that particular organ main sins are eating non vegetarian foods, drinking alcoholhaving sex other than spouse, telling lies, wounding others feelings giving troubles to innocent children and treating their spouse with hate disrespect to the elders namely father, mother guru and a faithful friend throwing stones at animals or birds even when they are quiet etc reading Mahabharatha is essential to become more sincere as days progress all may not be possible at one go but it is not impossible to leave them one should make up the mind and become noble in words, in mind and in action that is he only remedy to save ourselves from sufferings	
What was Arjuna s reaction after hearing the death of his guru Drona	Arjuna did not hear of Drona’s death; he witnessed it with his own eyes, much to his horror. He was the only one in the Pandava army who tried to stop Dhristadyumna physically from lopping off Drona’shead as the elder sat in meditation. He got off his chariot and ran to stop Dhrist but could not reach him in time.After the act, Arjuna actually berates not just Dhrist but also Yudi for having spoken the lie that led Drona to drop his weapons. He points out to Yudi, the brother he NEVER opposes, that he has allowed a desire of power/ wealth to lead him to killing his own guru.Dhrist is understandably unhappy when Arjuna’s questions him and criticizes him for doing the act and a big verbal duel breaks out wherein Satyaki takes his beloved guru, Arjuna’s side, against Dhrist and tempers flare before things settle down and people get back to focusing on the war.Later on, recounting to Ashwattama how his father had been killed, Duryodhana tells him that Arjuna was the only one who objected to the killing.	It was PRE PLANED MURDER by PANDAVAS to get RID of ACHARYA DRONE as he was pocessing BRAMHASTRA and CAN’t be defeated by means of war as such him-self get to be IDLED.For which A SHOCKING NEWS that is his beloved one and only SON’s ASHWATHMA’s DEATH wroungly pronounced by DHARMARAJ who is BELIVEBLE.Immeadiate after hearing the death, in A GREAT SHOCK DRONACHARYA left ALL his weapons and became IDLE at ONCE,and most immediately beheaded killed by DRUSTADHUMNYA who is AWAITING, the Son of King Drupada Born through HOMAKUNDA along with DRAUPADI as well as CAPTAIN of PANDAVA’S Armando De Poli was the FIRST DEATH of MAHARATHI taken part in THE DHRMA YUDH of MAHABHARAT Every soldier and Warriors witnessed WEPT Not Only his Son ASHWATHMA,his beloved student ARJUNA,ALL PANDAVAS,KAURAVAS, and even KARNA for his Senior student of PARASHU RAM. From :-Mitai Mohan.	After receiving the advise (Bhagawat geeta) he was above such thing like feeling sad , he was ready to fight and kill! STHITHAPRAJNA…So do not expect any reaction on such happenings!	
How could Maharaj Parikshit make mistake of placing dead snake over rishis body considering his family heritage It seems very surprising to me	It looks surprising because you don't know the full incident.Maharaj Parikshit placed dead snake on the neck of a rishi because he was not under his control at that time. He was under the control of Kali Purush (personified form of Kaliyuga), who is known for bewildering the living entities. Due to the influence of Kali Purush, he thought that the rishi is doing great offence by not answering him. In reality, the rishi was in deep meditation.Later on, Parikshit Maharaj realized his mistake. He understood that he got filled with arrogance for the time being & did a very insulting act. But, it was too late till then. The son of the rishi, seeing that someone insulted his father, cursed Maharaj Parikshit that he’ll be bitten by Takshak Naga (a type of flying snake) in 7 days. This prompted Maharaj Parikshit to seek the advice of rishis, so that he can utilize his last days for liberation. The rishis directed him to Sukadeva Goswami, son of Ved-Vyas who was a small boy at that time. Sukadeva Goswami was the best among all the rishis at that time & he narrated the Srimad Bhagavatam, the topmost Purana to Maharaj Parikshit for 7 days.After 7 days, the snake came & bit Maharaj Parikshit. However, he was ready for his impeding death & was totally absorbed in remembrance of Lord. This way, he attained liberation.This incident has many lessons in it. The first being that one should be aware of Kali Purush. The Kali Purush resides at places where there is gambling, intoxication, illicit sex (sex outside marriage) & animal killing (& eating). While one might not find the existence of Kali Purush believable, but one can understand that engaging in gambling, intoxication, illicit sex & animal killing leads decline in judgement & kindness. This increases ego & ego is our biggest enemy, especially if someone is a spiritual seeker.Further, the act of son of rishi is a lesson that one should not take decisions hastily. The son was angry & in his anger he cursed Maharaj Parikshit, a very big punishment for a small act. He misused his yogic powers which lead to death of Maharaj Parikshit. The Kali Purush was unable to take shelter anywhere due to the presence of a great king like Parikshit. However, after his demise, the Kaliyuga progressed unhindered.Also, Maharaj Parikshit was actually lucky in the sense that he knew the date of his death. He had expert spiritual master like Sukadeva Goswami. We, on the other hand, are uncertain about our time of death. The death may come at any moment without any notice. All of our plans to start Brahma-jigyasa (inquiry about Absolute Truth) at old-age will be doomed. After that, one is not sure if he/she will get a human form. Thus, we must not waste time & start Brahma-jigyasa (inquiry into Absolute Truth) as soon as possible.	Maharaja Parikshit was on hunt of animals. In the afternoon he became thirsty and reached to the rishi's ashram in search of water. Rishi Shamik was meditating. He didn't respond on king's any question. King thought that he is insulting him. He take a dead snake on the point of his arrow and place it over rishi. Rishi Shamik cursed the king that from today on seventh day a snake will bite the king. King do this all work because of the effect of Kalyug. King started doing worship and all things but no one could save him. In the attitude of being a king he do this all thing.I hope you will understand. Keep smiling!☺	
Can Yugas be reversed by following Vedas strictly	Jai Madhab NilanjanNot sure what exactly is meant by “reversing of Yugas by following Vedas”; Nevertheless I will humbly attempt to answer the question with respect to the cycle of Yugas and its impact on Dharma, or Universal Human consciousness, in the light of my Guru Madhab Nilanjan’s teachings at Kalpataru Jagaran Sangha.A Synopsis of His philosophy for interested readers - Madhab Philosophy - Kalpataru Jagaran SanghaDwelling upon the inherent characteristics of man’s approach to man and the Creator, the Indian seers (Rishis) of ancient times divided human civilizations into four cyclical stages viz, Satya, Treta, Dwapar, Kali.The first one termed as Satya Yuga denotes an Age characterized by righteousness, simplicity, oneness in thought and action. Its influence inspires one to look within into one’s own Self.The last one known to be Kali Yuga denotes an Age characterized by vices, overt and covert resulting in loss of faith, deception in social interactions and addiction to various “-ism”s that leads the individual ego to rule supreme, forgetting the Supreme Himself. The gigantic barrier between He and we, God and His creation thus grows day by day. Under its influence men and women become extrovert in nature, materialistic and commercial in outlook, suffer from various incurable diseases due to their excesses and become indifferent to balance, order and discipline in life, thought and action disturbing universal equilibrium and harmony.In fact, Satya and Kali are but a depiction of the characteristics of the universal human nature at the prevalent era. This is because mankind, being the crown jewel of creation exerts a huge influence and impact over the world’s environment at large and the balance of the global nature is dependent on the inclination (introvert / extrovert) and character (harmonious / chaotic / corrupt) of the cumulative human mind, depicted as the universal mind. Under the influence of Kali-nature (Kali-Prakriti), mankind’s outlook remains mostly extrovert, corruption reigns supreme and we are mostly superficial when it comes to anything having a deeper connotation. This leads to various sectarian bias and prevalence of so many strifes and bloodshed among faith-fanatics, ism-fanatics, political factions so on and so forth as discussions and engagements turn to arguments and hatred on frivolous grounds. On the other hand, the Satya-nature is introspective, uncorrupt and simplicity reigns supreme. With the mind fixated on the Truth, mankind is driven by the spirit of universal brotherhood and tries to respect every point of view by extracting the essence of Truth in every faith/philosophy leading to collaboration, order and harmony. This in turn helps sooth the global nature and restore harmony and equilibrium in the environment.Now, Dharma is metaphorically described as a bull with 4 legs, as a symbolical analogy to explain the concept.In Satya Yuga, this bull is standing majestically on its 4 legs, i.e. human nature at an universal level is 100% fully established in the Dharma, Humanity. The mode of connection (Yoga means “+” i.e. connection or union) to the Divine then is Dhyana (meditation in the truest sense), the 7th of the 8 stages, as described by the great sage, Patanjali. Dhyana begins with a deep contemplation or deep thought about the Object of Meditation (Dhyeya) and the target is to gradually transcend the boundary of thought and achieve a oneness with the Object of contemplation. In Satya, there is mostly no external manifestations of religiosity [as compared to today] as the average human is able to have the Dharana about the Divine and establish a personal spiritual journey through dhyana. Most of the human beings in that Age attain superhuman abilities by virtue of their individual penance [or rather, spiritual advancement]. In fact, the 33 crore devatas popularly referred to in Hindu pantheon, as explained by my Guru, actually denotes a majority of spiritually advanced human beings in that era who attained the state of Devatwa. The average person in Satya Yuga is endowed with at least the theoretical sense of Brahma-Jnan. However, over period of time, complacency sets in because of relatively spiritually un-challenging (too conducive) environment and this leads to the Aham or Ego gradually gaining the better of whoever hasn’t reached the stage of Samadhan or Liberation. This is more at a cumulative level. Towards the end of Satya Yuga, some of these spiritually advanced but ego-endowed persons internally challenge the Absolute and reign over others. This erosion of Dharma due to Aham gradually leads to downfall to Treta. If carefully observed, the Divine Incarnations in Satya exhibit their fully mystical powers (Aishwarya) but don’t spend a whole human life after their task is done, as in subsequent Yugas. The characteristic in Satya is openness. Even the worst is open is their attitude and doesn’t hide their intent (good or bad) under veil or deception.In Treta, the Dharma is at 3/4th purity, eroding further as the Yuga progresses towards Dwapar. Here, the mode of Yoga or connection to the Divine is Yagna for the average human. People (on average, not referring to exceptions who already attained higher states by their personal salvation) in Treta aren’t in the same level of purity of heart and intellect as in Satya Yuga. Here, we get the sages (Muni-Rishi) of Naimisharanya. The Karma Kandas of the Veda gradually starts to gain prominence here.Now, what is the spiritual essence of Yagna?Yagna spiritually denotes the Ahuti (sacrifice) of the baser instincts (ripu, vritti) to the ever glowing Internal Flame (fire), in a spirit of repentance or pangs of separation from the Divine, as the average person isn’t in a spiritually pure state to obtain communion by Dhyana.Also, this is when deception/duplicity gradually kicks in. If we observe carefully, Ravan used a deception or camouflage of a sadhu while kidnapping Sita. The Divine always incarnates in accordance to existing contemporary spiritual environment. Here, we have Shri Rama (Incarnation of Paramatma) [that’s why devotees say Pran - Aram (i.e. Soother of the Prana), Atma-Ram], incarnating in the guise of an ordinary human being, not as a brahmin or a sage/Rishi, but as a Kshatriya prince, constraining Himself to all human limitations of the contemporary age, enacting His Leela, to display what a human can achieve in terms of overcoming apparently insurmountable odds. The purpose of His Leela at the end of Treta was Dharma Raksha, and also to leave behind the necessary Divine Shakti [which can be invoked by mere contemplation of His Name] in subsequent Yugas. (I am not getting into the details of the spiritual aspect of Ram’s Avatari Leela, as explained by Madhab Nilanjan as that would otherwise be a book by itself).(interested readers can refer to Why did Lord Rama contempt Devi Sita? - a small explanation of one of the misunderstood arenas of this Avatari Leela, as described by Shri Guru)Next comes Dwapara. Dharma is at 50% purity now, gradually eroding further as the Yuga progresses. Here the mode of connection to the Divine is at a more personal level in Puja and Seva.(interested readers may refer to Service to Mankind (Seva) , a translated article, originally penned by my Guru Madhab Nilanjan in the 1980s, while he was a disciple of Shri Madhab to get a feeling of what truly Seva means.)Now, what is the spiritual essence of Puja (worship and prayer)?In Bengali, my Guru said - “Puja mane nijeke ujar kore dewa”. Translating in English, essence of worship is to completely open oneself [or rather, the core of one’s heart] binding the divine or deity or Ishta in a loving bond of close kinship, and trying to surrender to the Divine Grace for spiritual upliftment, that one is unable to achieve [victory over the ripus or vices], due to the weakened nature of one’s resolve or character. I believe that is the objective of every true Bhakta. Hence in Vaishanava path, or Bhakti-Marga, it is said in Bengali -“Samparka kariya bhaje, Krishna tare nahi tyaje”i.e. If one is able to internally relate or establish a bond of love or kinship with the divine and progress in the path of devotion, rather than considering God as a distant Emperor, holding a stick, high in the heavens, he/she is able to progress more quickly. for this reason, there are all these bhavas or attitudes (internally imposed) in true bhakti marg like Santana-bhab (as a child to God), Dasya bhab (as a Banda or servant), sakkhya bhab (as a friend or companion or soul-mate), Vatsalya-Bhab (as a very loving and indulgent parent to God as a naughty but loving child, playing various pranks), and Madhura Bhab (as a lover, considering God to be the only Purusha and the devotee to be the loving lady giving oneself completely in devotion without any slightest expectation of payback … it’s a very exalted and most often grossly misunderstood bhab, exhibited properly only in Avatar or highly advanced mystics). The first two are more commonly achievable and taught in almost all the faiths as a guidance to the path of devotion.Anyways, at the end of Dwapar Yuga, we have Shri Krishna enacting His Avatari Leela. If we carefully observe, we can see here God incarnates in even more unassuming form and hidden His Divinity more from the contemporary public [Krishna revealed His Self only to the handpicked devotees or the Antaranga associates He brought with Him like the Gop-Gopis in Vrindavan, Arjun …] This fact can be easily testified by few examples of incidents narrated below -Krishna was born in a jail! not in a hermit’s ashram, or a king’s palace, and spent the first 16 years of His life as an ordinary cowherd boy in a village setting among simpleminded villagers of Gokula.In Indraprastha, during Yudhisthira’s Rajsuya Yagna, Krishna took upon the task of washing the feet of sages and brahmins. [now, if we apply common sense, God is the Goal, Deity of whether a Rishi or a brahmin or a king or a simpleton. Had the brahmins and even many of the sages of the day realized He was the Full Incarnation of God, would they allow God to wash their feet! ?]Duryodhana was quite satisfied to receive the “Narayani Sainya” [spiritually, external or physical prowess of Divinity, rather than God Himself; is it possible to choose likewise if he had the realization of Krishna’s spiritual identity?]As described by my Guru, even Brahma couldn’t gauge/recognize Krishna’s Spiritual Form.Also, Krishna didn’t take part actively as a warrior in the Kurukshetra War. My Guru Madhab Nilanjan had spent considerable time in explaining in details about the spiritual insights of this Leela, especially Gita, as it holds the key to the understanding of the spiritual journey or the internal war for every spiritual traveller. Krishna represents Kutasthya Chaitanya. He metaphorically demonstrated the Role of the Param Guru [without enacting the Guru-leela]. He demonstrated how GuruShakti assists the true mumukshu spiritual aspirant to attain Atma-Rajya by overcoming the Mana-Rajya, by Divine Guidance and Inspiration at each juncture, without Himself holding up arms, i.e. to indicate the endeavour has to be from the aspirant. The 18 chapters of the Gita and the 18 days of Kurukshetra war spiritually signifies the 18 “Mokam” one has to cross to attain the spiritual Goal. Sri Madhab explained these in details in His “Deha-Gita”. The purpose of His Divine Incarnation was “Dharma Sansthapan”. Like Ram, as an Avatari, He left behind the Divine Power that can be invoked by mere contemplation of His Name.So, we can see from an external point of view, Divine Incarnation, in tune with contemporary Yuga nature got more and more implicit down the cycle of time.As explained by my Guru, Shri Krishna manifested a little more than 15 ana [16 ana = 1 = 100%] or approximately 95% of the Divine Power of God. That He didn’t apply 100% can be simply revealed from the observation or fact that Kali Yuga followed Dwapar Yuga where Dharma degrades to ¼, eroding further as Kali Yuga progresses. Had He applied 100%, Kali Yuga can’t come and the cycle gets reset to Satya Yuga, but that’s not to be as this ChaturYuga cycle is as per God’s Leela. Also, had He not applied that 95%, mankind towards the end of Kali Yuga would have been so much influenced by the Ripus (vices/demonic tendencies within man) that we would have reduced to a state of global cannibalism.Now enters the Kali Yuga roughly 5000 years ago after Krishna left His mortal shell. So far, especially in Treta and Dwapar, the Karma Kandas of the Vedas had their due prominence and significance in the spiritual pursuit of average people. The ancient sages (Muni-Rishi), especially in Sanatan Dharma were expert in human psychology and devised the stages such that, if properly followed will lead the average person towards spiritual advancement. Like a primary/kindergarten student is taught alphabets with the help of pictures/objects [Like, A for Apple, B for Ball etc.], the vivid imagery of idols [representing one or another aspect of the Absolute One ] and the various parables, mythological stories were devised to help the extrovert mind of the spiritually novice [like a kindergarten or primary school child] to progress towards Atma-Rajya, from the gross or Sakar form [as the extrovert mind is very materialistic and can’t grasp more deeper/abstract aspects] gradually to Nirakar. Hence the contemporary environment aided the practice of the Karma Kandas prescribed in the Vedas to gradually extract the inner meaning of the idols, rituals, mantras and proceed inwards.Sri Guru explained to us, there are 5 Niti-s that drives mankind exactly in the order as mentioned here – Rishi-Niti, Dharma-Niti, Raj-Niti, Samaj-Niti, Artha-Niti. Of these, Rishi Niti is the moral/spiritual guidance of the Realized saints/sages, followed by Dharma Niti driven by true brahmins/priestly class [not merely by birth, but rather by Karma]. Dharma Niti guided the religious practices in accordance with the principles laid out by Rishi Niti. Raj Niti is politics, Samaj Niti is socialism, Artha Niti is economics. Now Rishi Niti was in the driver’s seat till Dwapar; however as Kali Yuga progresses, Rishi Niti gradually began to lose its sheen becoming completely dormant or defunct by the historical Middle Ages. Dharma Niti without the guidance of Rishi Niti got more and more superficial and ceremonial day by day. And now, whatever semblance of it remained has lost its sheen and Raj Niti has taken the driver’s seat.As time progressed in Kali Yuga, all forms of sadhana practices were followed, but given the Vedic Karma Kandas gradually lost their vitality, it gave rise to more superficial rituals, animal sacrifices in the name of Dharma. At this juncture appeared Lord Buddha. Sri Guru mentioned - the first Divine Incarnation in Kali Yuga happened in The Buddha who taught the Middle Path - neither the sensuousness of the materialistic libertine, nor the extreme penance of an ascetic, the path of balance (Kram and Acharanshilata). Subsequently there have been more Avatar-kalpa purusha appearing in this world in the form of Lord Jesus, Hazrat Muhammad, Adi Sankaracharya (considered to be an Avatar of Shiva to extract the essence of the Jnan Kanda of the Vedas to the contemporary world), and many other highly advanced saints, all of them trying to make the principles of spirituality more lucid to the contemporary world, setting the stage for the gradual revival of Truth at the onset of Satya Yuga.Sri Guru narrated a story about a metaphorical conversation between Narayan (God) and Kali (the metaphorical ruler of Kali Yuga) - that God granted Kali’s wish that Rishi Niti will gradually be defunct in Kali Yuga so that Kali can play his role as per the Leela; and to redeem human consciouness, God Himself would incarnate multiple times in disguise with His various powers in the form of human beings, under disguise to help set the stage towards Satya.So, we have the Avatar Incarnations in the form of Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and Thakur Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa appearing on earth.[Interested readers can refer to the translated article, originally penned by my Guru, long back in Bengali - Sadhak, Sadhu and Avatar, Avatari - Kalpataru Jagaran Sangha]As per the scriptures, in Kaliyug, only Kalki can be called the Avatari. However, it is said that on the request of Kali, God had promised to appear on this earth time and again. Kali’s request was that as anti-religiousness is more prevalent during his era, God should have to appear frequently to restore religiousness. God, while granting Kali’s appeal imposed the condition that His appearances and earthly activities will be guarded in secrecy. Without referring to mythology, we can say without hesitation from the lessons of history, that avatar leela takes place on the earth in absolute secrecy. Who else but the few close companions of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu, could identify Him and accept Him as the Avatar? Even the contemporary learned and the intellectuals had termed Thakur Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa as a crazy priest. Till today, many believe that Sri Ramakrishna was a sadhak! Nevertheless when the young devotees of Sri Ramkrishna started publicising Him as avatar, they were met with nothing else but taunts and sarcastic comments till Swami Vivekananda received fame from abroad. However, that they were a part of the Swayam is evident from the present day spiritual world upon hindsight. From this it can be concluded that while Mahaprabhu and Sri Ramkrishna were born without fanfare, their worldly activities were also enacted very carefully, hidden behind a veil. They had removed the veil only to those necessary for their leela according to need, but had not encouraged unwarranted congregation of people around them. Here it can be mentioned that only those whom the Avatari makes aware of His appearance on earth, knows about Him. But if this person tells others about the Avatari’s presence, no one will believe him/her. As such, it is very difficult to gauge Avatari leela.Chaitanya Mahaprabhu’s purpose of appearing in the world was “Naam Prachar”.Thakur Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa said, ‘there are as many ways as number of faiths’. The divine purpose of His Leela was to sow the seed of “Sarva Dharma Samanyay”. He had also said that whatever faith you may follow or whichever path you may like to tread, basically all leads to the same goal. The revered Gurudev Sri Madhab said although there are innumerable faiths and ways essentially there are three main paths for spiritual journey, namely, the path of Jnan or Wisdom (Enlightenment), the path of Devotion and the path of Yoga or divine union. In the path of enlightenment, the spiritual aspirant realizes Brahma, in the path of devotion he realizes God (Bhagawan) and in the path of yogic practice he realizes Atma or the divine Self. Brahma, God and the Divine self are basically the same. Due to the variety in these spiritual endeavours, the practices have different names. Most of the faiths or the practices have emanated from these three basic paths. Generally, people consider religious faiths as religion. Confined within the bounds of material knowledge, where the outlook of people is tainted by rajah guna, perpetually spreading under the influence of tamah guna, where sattwa guna has disappeared into oblivion, knowledge of true religion in such a situation is rather hard to find. Regretfully when such exponents of material knowledge become spokespersons of a community, they repeatedly strike against the universality of religion and being blind with selfish motives show tremendous enthusiasm in converting people belonging to other faiths into their community. They are driven by the false idea that the more persons they convert, more do they bring glory to their religious faith. Influenced by this illusion they do not even hesitate to take advantage of the poverty, illiteracy and innocence of people merely to increase the strength of their community. Instances of application of physical force in the past are also not rare. Definitely, combined with the selfish interests, the enthusiasm of such ignorant persons is also due to the inability to unearth the true meaning from the scriptures. As such, it is never right to blame any religion for these false ideas and confused activities. Sri Krishna had said in Srimad Bhagwat Gita that ‘discarding all religious beliefs bestow all your devotion to Me’. He had said that in whichever manner, in whatever name or form you may worship Me all finally leads to Me because all names, all images emanate from me. As such, Brahma, Bhagawan, Ishwar, Atman, Allah, God etc. whichever name one may call Him all leads to the same Creator or Parameshwar. The person who can surrender oneself to the Divine through persistent practice can attain complete knowledge, serenity of mind and realize the Consciousness (Chaitanya) in his inner being. Jesus had identified himself as the son of God and said that if you follow me you can reach Him. Hazrat Mohammed said that I am His friend. If you follow me you can reach Allah. In a similar manner Budhhists say that unless one follows the path of Buddha, one cannot reach Nirvana or freedom. Jains say that in order to achieve Keval Gyan one must follow their path. Thakur Sri Ramkrishna said ‘there are as many ways as the number of faiths’. All the paths and beliefs are correct. It is possible to perceive divine knowledge any of these paths. He did not end here; he proved his words by reaching the same goal through different religious practices.In order to do this He even became disciple of several gurus and established that it is not possible to proceed along any of the paths of religion without the guidance of a guru. Even today many people hesitate to accept the fact that Sri Ramakrishna had taken the discipleship of gurus time and again merely to educate the masses. I feel like telling these people whether they have ever seen any one else, who had reached divine realization each time in each way, by following so many paths of religious practices. Is there any sadhak who can, within an instant, transit from dualistic worship (dwaita bhajana) to the state of being one with the Divine (nirvikalpa Samadhi) – an incident which made even Totapuri, a great proponent of Advaita, become speechless with awe. Revered Gurudev Sri Madhab said that Avatar’s activity has many incidents that are not known to the public and remain behind a veil. How many persons know that all those who had given diksha to Sri Ramkrishna as guru had at the end paid homage to him realizing His true identity and considered themselves blessed? In this context Sri Madhab said that when Totapuri insisted that Sri Ramkrishna should go for nirvikalpa Samadhi and inspired to go into the state of deep meditation by scratching his forehead with a sharp glass piece, all of a sudden the room lit up with a dazzling light and Thakur appeared before him in his illumined form. Totapuri became transfixed with awe and stood looking at Thakur. Thakur told him “Look, this is between you me. Let no one else know of this”.Now let us go back to our original topic of discussion. Thakur Sri Ramakrishna showed that Realization of the Divine can be achieved in all paths, beliefs and hence following any one of the religious faiths. Sri Krishna also said in the Gita that ‘I am Vasudev. It is only possible for me to synthesise and bring universality to religion. Era after era I appear on this earth to remove all religious strife, end all acts that is in contradiction to true religion and to unveil the true nature of religion. Sri Madhab said that if it was possible to educate mankind only through the teachings of Sri Ramakrishna, then there would not be any place for communalism in religion.Now, I will draw a few examples and facets of what Madhab Nilanjan said before I end.Upon a query from a Vaishnava devotee about a popular misconception about Naam (“Haridasa Thakur used to chant the holy name of Krishna 3 lakh times every morning before going out on his daily activities without fail.”), Sri Guru explained -Haridasa Thakur was an Antaranga Sahachar (Inner Circle of associates) in the Avatar Leela of Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu, who is often described as the incarnation of Bhakta Prahlada.It is said, at best, any person can chant name per breath (Swashe swashe Naam). For a human, at most one breathes 21600 times a day [one in 4 seconds] and so scientifically it’s not possible to chant 3 lakh name in the morning before breakfast.Sri Haridasa Thakur chanted the Holy Name in 3 laksh (directions) in succession before going out to work. [In Bengali, pronounciation of laksha is same, meaning direction, as well as number lakh]First, chanting in Sthula (physical body) vocallyHare Krishna Hare Krishna Krishna Krishna Hare HareHare Rama Hare Rama Rama Rama Hare Hare ,Second, getting more drawn inwards, chanting mentally as in Japa, in Suksha (subtle body or mind or Antahkarana)The devotional impact of the first two stages would completely draw him inside and the third chanting is the Great Anahata Naam in Karana Sarira (Causal Body). This chanting isn’t done but it happens spontaneously in great devotees in the causal plane.Having immersed in the Divine Name, he used to go out for his daily activities.Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu saw people in Kali Yuga were resorting to various means of religious practices as per the Karma Kandas of Veda but none is bearing it’s fruit in terms of spiritual progress, as those aren’t meant for Kali Yuga, because of the very un-conducive environment.(If we carefully introspect, we will find most of our ritualistic worships are driven by either greed, or fear, as if we are making a deal with the Deity/Divine -“Grahan karo mor dali, Bhore dao mor phaka thali” i.e. “accept my offerings in the form of flowers, incense, sweets, milk, money etc. and fulfill my material desires”. Hence, Sri Guru explained all such pujas/prayers now are not reaching the Divine but rather being consumed by Kamana, the ripu, and in turn inflating our Aham (ego) by deceiving us to think ourselves as accomplished devotees. )Whereas, this doesn’t help in making any spiritual progress. Hence, very intelligently, with the foresight of the approach of Satya Yuga, where the form of connection to the Divine is dhyana or meditation, Mahaprabhu prescribed the refuge in the Name of the Divine. This name is not merely chanting in the sthula (gross or physical level), as that would logically mean even a parrot can attain salvation.Sri Madhab explained Naam means, or leads to Smaran (Remembrance), Manan(repeating the memoirs, immerse in the thoughts of the Subject), Chintan (deep thought or contemplation)It is known that the identity of a person lies in his name. For example the name of a familiar person [say, your friend] immediately brings his/her picture in front of you. Along with it comes his/her nature, his/her interests, deeds and everything associated with him/her. It awakens an inspiration akin to that person’s nature. Similarly, when a person calls God in whatever name suits him/her, a picture of His divine self comes to his mind. This thought which is inspired by divinity gradually frees his mind of the influence of the baser and sensory instincts like jealousy, anger etc. In one word all our activities for the divine, like thinking about Him, or singing His praise, meditation, puja etc. are only to help in cleaning the mind’s mirror because it is only a clear mirror of the mind that reflects the true nature of the Self. Therefore, it is quite clear that the need to invoke Him is only for rectifying ourselves.This activity will start with chanting but should progress towards inner japa to finally meditation and divine Bhava, if done with the right intent/goal. This is what Chaitanya Mahaprabhu meant.Progressing further, in the incarnation of Thakur Ramakrishna, He Himself performed all the devotional practices to extract the spiritual potentials hidden in them for the sake of entire mankind and to firmly establish the philosophy of oneness (in Goal or Objective) in each path. He advised humanity not to meddle in boastfulness of their approaches but to practice devotion/spirituality in the secluded corner of our inner mind (Mone, Bone, Kone in Bengali). Through Swami Vivekananda and His Mission, He re-established the core philosophical essence of Sanatan Dharma from the clutches of contemporary superstitions, rituality and narrow-mindedness [Deshachar, Lokachar]Our Guru Madhab Nilanjan explained to us - the current era is of Jnan-misra-Bhakti, that is devotion mixed with Jnan as the intellect is very sharp [even though in materialistic sense] in the current age. Mankind at large can’t be blindly pursuaded by just the ritualistic aspects of religiosity without extracting the inner, hidden truth in all the scriptures. As more and more, He shines His divine light in the spiritual treasures hidden in the scriptures/paths, gradually we will understand the need to walk the spiritual path and embark upon the journey to Satya Yuga.Regards	The interpretation of this aspect should be done in the following manner. Yugas are divisions of time. In Kruta Yuga, dharma was total and symbolically compared to an ox standing on 4 legs. In each Yuga, the dharma began to deteriorate to 3 legs, 2 legs and one leg in Kaliyuga. That means, people who are supposed to follow dharma in all aspects are just ignoring these principles in due course of time. But there are certain individuals who still in Kaliyuga follow dharma totally. Rama Krishna Parama Hamsa, Ramana Maharshi etc are some examples. The interpretation should be done in such a way that even though they lived in Kaliyuga, there was no impact of Kaliyuga on them. They have overcome the ill impacts of Kaliyuga through self-control. If more and more people are able to follow this method, Kaliyuga becomes Krutayuga right now.	
Can a Brahmin take food from Sudra according to Mahabharata	
Can a Sudra man amass wealth according to the Mahabharata Why or why not	Before reaching to a conclusion it is very important to understand the meaning of ‘sudra’. if any body misunderstood it as a cast they are entirely wrong. It is a ‘Guna’ or quality. If a person is lethargic and incapable of performing his/her duties, he or she is considered as ‘Sudra’. He or she can be a king or a queen, lay man or a teacher.His or her birth can be in any category in society. Such person lack a focused work and aim. Like Buffalo's they wallow in the mud of life. Whether such a person accumulate wealth ? even if he/she accumulate wealth,whether he or she succeed in protecting the wealth ?In Dwaparayuga people maintain high value system. Even by telling a half lie, Yudhishtira was sent to hell for a while. In such a time it is quite ill logic to think that people might had differentiated on cast and creed. Cast system evolved only in kaliyuga by some crooks to gain power and wealth.Every wealth only(should) transfer to such hands whom can protect it and spend in a wise manner. Wealth should be beneficial to the society.Eg :Imagine a parent has two sons and one of the son is lethargic and the other son is wise. Whom should he transfer the major chunk of the wealth ?.definitely to the wise one. Because he knew the lethargic one spoil his wealth. Lethargic person is ‘Sudra’ and wise person can be a ‘Vysya’-good in trade and money matters. Irrespective of ages this sort of qualities inherited to each and every person. Depend upon the qualities one can be a sudra, vysya, kshathriya or Brahmin.Is it wise to amass wealth by a Sudra ?	These questions are easy to be misinterpreted, some context in this long answer:The question is : “Can a Sudra man amass wealth according to the Mahabharata? Why, or why not?”During days of Mahabharat ( about 5000 years ago as per Indian systems, considered myth as per colonial conjecture) man was immensely powerful, trust worthy, they respected women and bound by highest morals - even in vicious wars. When an woman from enemy camp came in the evening after day of war, she was treated as a guest rather than mistreated or captured as spoils of war. Once the war was over, the humanity had a greater dimension. A khyatriya with immense wealth, as the hastinapur empire, had to fight an ethical war with pandava brothers after 12 years from jungle. In Ramayan, whisper of a washer-woman was important even for the king and queen.Such a society was not driven primarily by wealth. Individuals have found their role irrespective of wealth, power etc, as exemplified by the washer-woman of an earlier era, whose doubts were enough to exile a queen.The respected Brahmana/maharshi of the day and sudras had found their role in such a way without the wealth, each probably for different situations, but for achieving same goal. These community were not expected to flaunt their wealth. Far more restrictions in Brahmana than any other people.Raja Harishandra, when he had to give the dakhina, Raja Harischandra had to sell himself to a sudra in varanasi. [Please don’t misinterpret it as organized slavery, because the emperor was doing these to uphold the truth, as evidenced by fact that None else could purchase the suryavansi emperor Raja Harishandra.]Thus, it can be concluded, mother bharati had great people who lived fearless and truthful life of knowledge, trust, peace unconstrained by wealth and power .I wrote it because there is too much misinformation, questionable basis and interest in modern perspectives.	First of all we need to clarify, beyond any possible doubt, that the definition of sudra is based on guna and karma and not on birth as in the present degraded caste system.The sudras mentioned in Mahabharata and other scriptures are all those people who depend on a salary given by an employer or by payments given by customers for manual services rendered - labor, assistance etc. This includes all government servants and burocrats who are not directly responsible for their own actions but either follow orders or hide behind the pretext of following orders. All artists, dancers, actors, etc, are sudras; professional sports people are also sudras. All technicians are sudras.Apart from the professional aspect, sudras are all those who do not have the inclination or ability to study and understand the shastra and to properly perform the required religious duties for the twice-born classes. However, the fact that they are not duty-bound to engage in study and rituals does not mean that they should not be allowed to do so, under the proper guidance and with the proper support.In kali yuga, the entire population is more or less composed by sudras (kalau sudra sambhavah), so it is difficult to see differences in regard to the social norms.The translation linked is not particularly good. For example, it says that sudras should receive gifts of worn-out and torn clothes, when in fact it should have been better to say "used" and "damaged". The ritualistic requirements especially for the higher varnas often included a frequent change of new clothes especially for some ceremonies, and even wearing a cloth once was making it a "used item", to be given away at the end of the ceremony.While it is not good for anyone to dress in tattered rags, many people will be perfectly pleased to get free clothes that are slightly defective - not perfectly new, and maybe with a little stain somewhere, and could be recycled, cutting off the damaged part and reshaping the material into some stylish and slightly different item, as we can see it is very trendy nowadays. As sudras are encouraged to be crafty, the final result could be very nice, although probably a little theatrical as sudras tend to "overdo" things.Also receiving something as a gift does not mean that one is duty bound to wear it: it can be sold to someone else and the money used to purchase something new, especially when the gift was an ornament of some value.Sudras could accumulate their gifts, sell them and keep the money, or spend it for their sense gratification. They did not have to pay for their own maintenance (food and lodging), medical treatment etc, because those were generally supplied by their employers; independent sudras could (like anybody else) choose some unused small plot of land and build themselves a modest house without asking permission to anyone or paying rent. Sudras never paid taxes.In this way, a crafty and intelligent sudra could accumulate some wealth and become a vaisya, but he was never supposed to utilise such wealth to gain political power (thereby trying to subjugate the higher classes to his selfish purposes), because that would be trying to take up the position of kshatriya WITHOUT PERFORMING THE DUTIES OF A KSHATRIYA.This is the crux of the matter.In the vedic system, every position had different duties.Degraded persons only want to have what they see as ADVANTAGES ("rights") but they do not want to be bothered by duties. This is the cause of degradation of the entire society.Because a sudra is not able to fulfill the responsibilities and duties of a higher class, he should not try to take that position artificially.If on the other hand, a person who used to be a sudra sincerely wants to develop the qualities and faithfully engage in the proper duties of a higher class, the brahmanas have the duty to "regenerate" the sudra through training and teaching and appropriate initiation, so he will not be a sudra any more.	https://www.sacred-texts.com/hin...A Sudra should never amass wealth, lest, by his wealth, he makes the members of the three superior classes obedient to him. By this he would incur sin. With the king's permission, however, a Sudra, for performing religious acts, may earn wealthTL;DRA sudra should never amass wealth, because he would make higher classes obedient to him which is a sinHowever he may amass wealth with the King’s permission	There is a mention that sudras were not allowed to do meditation / penance as it was Treta yuga. Only in kaliyuga sudras can do tapas. Regarding wealth, there is no taboo for sudras . It is onlybrahmibs who are forbidden to be rich and wealthy. No taboo on other castes in amassing wealth. If Brahmins amass wealth they tend to become slothful snd lazy which is detrimental to their life of discipline.	Only Brahmins can not amass wealth, all others can.	
What is the meaning of Dhritarashtra Kings name Mahabharat	Dhritarashtra (Sanskrit: धृतराष्ट्र). Dhritarashtra is a sanskrit name which literally translates into 'a good king'"He who supports/bears the nation"Dhrit means patience.Rastra means country(land)	
What is the story of Prameelarjuneeyam in Mahabharata	First of all thank you for asking me the questionA beautiful warrior women Prameela hates men as she thinks they are dominating the women. Her this thought is influenced by her mentor Bhagavathi. So she starts an kingdom comprising only of women.In the meantime Yudhisthira after the Kurukshetra war performs ashwamedha yagna. Arjuna is appointed as the head. On his way he meets Sage Narada who advises him to go to the Prameela kingdom. Arjuna obeys.As soon as the horse enters Prameela kingdom the women warriors capture the horse and arrest Arjun. Lord Krishna comes to rescue Arjun and helps Arjun make Prameela fall in love with him. Prameela eventually falls in love with Arjun.Prameela's mentor Bhagavathi warns her that Arjun is trying to bring women dominance down. Prameela again influenced by her mentor wages a war against Arjun. Lord Krishna comes in between them and makes her understand that men and women are equal. Realising her mistake Prameela marries Arjun.For more clear understanding I explain here what is Ashwamedha Yagna:Usually in Ashwamedha Yagna an horse is sent to all the kingdoms. A group of warriors with a head(Arjun in this case) go along with the horse. Those who accept the captaincy of the king who sends the horse (Yudhisthir) shall leave way for the horse. And those who are not comfortable shall capture the horse and fight the warriors. If the warriors emerge successful through all kingdoms the king (Yudhishtir) is considered as the Emperor of all kings	
Why was Krishna born	Lord Krishna was the eighth incarnation of Lord Vishnu.There came a time when Mother Earth was unable to bear the sins and cruelty committed by evil kings and rulers.Mother Earth then prayed to Lord Brahma, the creator of the Universe, to relieve her from these sinful kings. Lord Brahma prayed to the supreme Lord Vishnu for reincarnation and to relieve the Mother Earth from these evil rulers.Lord Vishnu accepted the request and assured to defeat tyrannical forces.This was the main incident, according to Hindu scriptures, that triggered the birth of Lord Krishna and the foremost reason that answers the story behind Lord Krishna's birth.One such evil force was in the form of Kamsa, the despotic ruler of Mathura. Kamsa's sins had reached the pinnacle of evil.	There is a single, common back story to 4 of Lord Vishnu’s incarnations. Hiranyaksha, Hiranyakashipu, Rama and Krishna. Here it goes.The abode of Lord Vishnu is called Vaikunta. It has two dwarapalakas (door keepers) namely, Jaya and Vijaya. Being the door keepers of Lord Vishnu’s abode is like being the closest that a devotee can, to the Lord. This thought, had instilled a small amount of arrogance in the two of the men.Once, the sons of Lord Brahma, called Sanat-Kumaras come to visit Lord Vishnu at Vaikunta. At that time, Lord Vishnu would've asked Jaya and Vijaya to not let anybody inside as he wants to rest for a while. The Sanat-Kumaras who posses great cosmic powers and bore the appearance of children ask Jaya and Vijaya to let them meet Lord Vishnu.Jaya and Vijaya don't realise who these “children” really are and dismiss them saying that the Lord is resting and they ask them to come back later. This angers all the Sanat-Kumaras. So they curse both Jaya and Vijaya, that they will take births on the Earth which will mean that they will have to be away from Lord Vishnu for very long.At that time, Lord Vishnu comes to their aid and tells them that they have 2 options. Either they need to take 7 births on the Earth as His devotees, or they need to take 3 births on the Earth, but as His enemies. They choose the latter because they will not be able to stay away from Him, for 7 whole births. The Lord also says that He will descend to Earth in order to kill them in each of their births.So in their first birth, they are born as Hiranyaksha (who is killed by Lord Vishnu’s Varaaha avatar) and Hiranyakashipu (who is killed by Lord Vishnu Narasimha avatar). In their second birth, they are born as Ravana and Kumbhakarna (who are both killed by Lord Vishnu’s Rama avatar). And in their final birth, they are born as Shishupala and Dantavakra, who Lord Krishna kills.	
Why did Arjuna marry Subadhra and take her to Indraprastha but left Uloopi and Chitrangadha	Uloopi:-Arjuna and Uloopi did not have a conventional marriage. Uloopi was attracted to Arjuna when she saw him bathing. So she pulled him into the water and told him about her desire. Arjuna explained that he was on exile but Uloopi used clever arguments and threatened him with suicide so finally Arjuna did as she wished. He spent one night with her and left with a boon from her. Imagine this situation with the genders reversed: A man forcefully abducting a woman, threatening her with suicide if she doesn't sleep with him. Enough to make you uncomfortable right? What Uloopi did to Arjuna is comparable to rape by coercion though it is never addressed as such. How could Uloopi drag a strong warrior like Arjuna? The epic says that she was a Naga woman who are supernatural beings especially powerful in water. From a more rational perspective, the Nagas are skilled hunters and supposedly we're good at poison making (Nagastra). Perhaps Uloopi used it on Arjuna. We can only speculation. In conclusion Arjuna spent one night with Uloopi, she herself never desired to spend more time with him or ask him to take her to his kingdom. So that is why Arjuna left her behind. He didn't even know that he had a son from her.Chitrangada:-Arjuna sees Chitrangada and desires her. As per tradition, he goes to her father, introduces himself and asks for her hand. But Chitrangada's father, Chitravahana has a condition. He has no heir except Chitrangada, so he wants his daughter and her child to stay at Manipur and become it's heir. Arjuna agrees. He stays there for 3 years. Chitrangada gives birth to Babruvahana. After this Arjuna leaves. There was no question of taking Chitrangada to Indraprastha as it was already agreed upon that she would stay in Manipur. Whether Chitrangada's consent was taken while making this agreement is not clear. But there is no mention that she was displeased with her husband or her married life.Subhadra:-Arjuna desired Subhadra. Krishna instructed him to abduct her. Arjuna followed Krishna's advice. Initially the Yadavas were angry but Krishna convinced them and Arjuna got married to Subhadra with all rituals. There was no condition in this marriage and absolutely no reason for Arjuna to leave Subhadra in Dwarka. If he had done so, it would've been an insult to her and her family. So obviously Arjuna took her to his kingdom Indraprastha.After the Kurukshetra war and Ashwamedha Yagna, Arjuna took both Uloopi and Chitrangada to Hastinapura and they lived there with him for 36 years.P.S. Draupadi had never put up any condition against bringing other wives of Pandavas to Indraprastha. I don't where this misconception came from. All the Pandavas had other wives apart from Draupadi and they all lived in Indraprastha until the fateful Dice game.	
Why did Arjuna marry Subhadra and take her to Indraprastha but left Uloopi and Chitrangadha	Chitrangada was a putrika of Manipura. Arjuna married her accepting the condition that she would be the ruler of Manipura and that her children would rule the kingdom after her. So Arjuna left her in her father's palace.Uloopi had been following Arjuna's path during his exile and had been smitten by his beauty. So it was more of a one time thing and she had wed him by the Gandharva form of marriage. I have this belief that she being a Nagakanya, didn't want to interfere in the mortal lives of the Pandavas same as Hidimba didn't want to interfere with Bhima's life. They were quite happy at having conquered their love and were content.So Arjuna didn't take them along. Subhadra is another case altogether. She was wedded to Arjuna by the proper rituals and had none of the above limitations (for the want of a better word?). Hence Arjuna did the right thing by taking her to his palace and home as his lawfully wedded wife.	Uloopi was a Naga Kanya and so she opted to remain in Patal lok.Chitrangada was the ruler of her country, so she didn't come with Arjuna to Indraprastha.According to a story the Pandavas promise to Draupadi that they won't bring any of their wives to Indraprastha. But on the occasion of Arjun and Subhadra's wedding Shakuni highlighted to Balram this promise of Pandavas. Balram didn't want her sister to remain in Dwaraka as it was considered an insult for a married woman to live apart from her husband. So Balram insisted Arjun to take Subhadra to Indraprasth. Then with Krishna's help Subhadra was able to convince Draupadi and enter the palace of Indraprastha.	Subadra had brothers that's Krishna and balram to take care of their kingdom .Where as uloopi and chitrangada they did not have any brothers and chitrangadas father had a word from Arjuna that is boy is born they would keep the boy as their hair.Uloopi was Naga kanya and nagas lived in pathala loka..	
What is the meaning of Teen Lok very commonly used in Ramayana and Mahabharata	There are 3 worlds in creation. Physical world, Astral world and Celestial world.Bhuloka, Pitruloka and Devaloka. Physical world, Mental world and Causal world.Bhuh, Buvah, Suvah as given in the Gayatri Mantra.Waking state, dreaming state and deep sleep state are also comparable to this.We live in the physical world. When we die, if we have done many good works, we can go by the lunar path to pitru loka which is heaven where there are many enjoyments and after the merits are over, one is reborn on earth.If we live a spiritual life, without desires, we go by the solar path to the Brahmaloka where we live with god. There is no coming back from this world.This is the Vedic Idea.In the puranas, there are 14 worlds. They can also be divided into these 3 worlds.	
How can I write the next epic of Hinduism just like Valmiki wrote the Ramayana and Veda Vyasa wrote the Mahabharata	Your interested is most welcomed for that you should start practicing the ashtanga yoga and become a vibrantly enlightened to a minimum of fourth level.Then your words will be followed by almost all the sanathana dharma followers ( Hindus ) around the world.For an intro to the self realisation ( enlightenment) start reading the book known as an autobiography of a yogi by Paramahamsa Yogananda.Wish you all success in your life.	
What helped Yudhishthira save his brothers	Sorry to say the whole incident was created and carried out by Yudhishtir’s father to test his son’s knowledge. He himself said it was an illusion but not reality.Why would Bhima ,Arjuna and twins die before time? They have a great task ahead to accomplish the Devine plan to annihilate the Kshatriyas and establish dharma.Will Yudhishtir be able to achieve this with Nakul? Without Bhima and Arjuna?Will Krishna keep quiet if Arjuna was separated from him due to Dharmaraj who came on purpose?Yudhishtir’s father enacted this to test his son that’s all. This incident is used in a wrong way ..dharmo.ahamasmi bhadraM te jij~nAsustvAmihAgataH |AnRRisha.nsyena tuShTo.asmi varaM dAsyAmi te.anagha || 10||I came hither to test thy merit .This was the admission of Yaksha who was the god Of justiceIt was a common thing for gods to test humans. But here Yudhishtir’s father involved the four brothers who have nothing to do with the test.How could drinking water against Yaksha’s word counted as a crime?Didnt Arjun resist Angaraparna who stopped him from taking bath in Ganga river?He did the same..here..they are thirsty ..They have every right to drink water.So since this was a matter between Yudhishtir and his father I consider this as a test based on illusion.Saving lives did not occur at all. Their life span was not finished yet..Even the god of death can not take a life before the scheduled time.It is fine if Yudhishtir is praised for his answers that won acclaim from his father.But to say he saved his brothers..will definitely won’t work atleast for me.Bori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Vana Parv ch.298Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Aranyaka Parv CCCXII	
Who was Kalindi Was she attracted to Mahabharata Bhishma	Kalindi is another name of Yamuna. There are a few reasons for her being called so. The reasons are follows:She originated from the mountain Kalinda. Hence her name became Kalindi.Her colour is dark. As soon as Lord Krishna touched Yamuna’s water with His lotus feet while He was being carried by Vasudava to Gokula, Yamuna’s water became dark like that of Lord Krishna’s complexion.Coming to Bhishma and Yamuna. Well, Yamuna was nowhere and never got attracted to Bhishma. Bhishma was the son of Ganga. So in that way Yamuna was like aunt of Bhishma (assuming you consider Ganga and Yamuna were like sisters). Yamuna is said to be one of the consorts of Shrinathji (Krishna).Hope this helps.Hare Krishna.	
Whose son is Jarasandha	Jarasandh was the son of Brihadrath, the emperor of Magadh empire.He had two chief queens and liked them equally well. He had no son.Once Chand Kaushik, a famous sage came to his kingdom and while he was sitting under a mango tree, the king came to him for his blessings to get a son. He gave him a mango fruit with a purpose.The king gave half of it to both of his beloved queens to eat and they bore a child in two halves, one each, to be duly fused into one, by a demoness, perhaps, named Jara, by whom the child derived the name of Jarasandh(Jara+sandhi).	Jarasandha was the king of magadha. He was descendent of king Brihadratha who married to twin daughters of king of Kashi but they have no sons so once a sale visited to his kingdom and gave him a mango as a boon and she equally divided it and gave it to his two wives and both of them became pregnant and given a baby in two halves but they are lifeless so king ordered them to throw in forest where one rakshai named jars found them and took them in his palm and both the halves joined together and crying baby born named jarasandh.	
What would be the outcome of Sathyaki and Arjuna fighting each other	The outcome is just like one’s right hand fighting with the left hand the same result followsif Sathyaki and Arjuna fight with each otherEven those two great warriors do not think of fighting between themselves then why we should imagine and struggle for the answers ?	Sathyaki is Arjuna's disciple and friend. He is very good but not good enough to defeat his master. In fact other than Karna, no one can come even close to Arjuna.	
Why did Arjuna have so many vices and iniquities with him contrary to being a celestial born	Arjuna and vice? He who prayed and visited all holy places? He who practiced 12 years brahmacharya? He who felt bad having to fight his grandsire and teacher and almost gave it all up?He never disrobed any woman or killed unarmed people he was a master of all arts. He was an obedient brother and respected all elders. Which vice are we talking?He never tried to take what he could even and deserved Draupadi or Kingdom but always obeyed his elder brother and mother. He gave respect to Bhima - the only one which even Bhishma or Drona never did- as the great warrior in a class apart.Arjuna who respected dharma and did not kill during Virat war any of the Kauravas he hated and had to be reminded by Krishna to kill any of his kin?I guess these serials are destroying the true Vyasa Bharatha…	
Does the Mahabharata have any mention about the food eaten during those times	King Nala’s story is mentioned in Mahabharata. He was also a great cook, and wrote the first ever book on cookery, Pakadarpanam (Sanskrit: पाकदर्पण). He worked as a cook at Ayodhya King Rituparna’s palace. Idli, Dosa, Vada etc are mentioned in this episode where he cooks for the king.Bheema disguised as Vallabh in Virat Kingdom also worked as cook. His details are also mentioned in virata parva of mahabharata. Bheema presents himself before king with his special quality to lift huge rice utensils alone (which are usually moved by 4–5 people). He claims his experience as cook for bheema (his original form).These two cooked so well that any great dish prepared is named Nala-Bheema Paakam	In Mahabharatha, Kshatriyas ate all types of foods, meat too. I remember Spinach is mentioned in Mahabharatha when Krishna came to meet them, Dhroupati had already finished her food from Akshaya Patra. This Akshaya Patra won't provide food after she finishes her meal. Then Krishna asks her to check this Akshayapatra and she finds a bit of Spinach . It is said that, Krishna ate this spinach.	Yes there is at least the mention that the horse used for Ashwamedha yaga was cooked after it finished it's vijaya yatra. Not sure if it is a common practice eating a horse or it was reserved for only special occasions. Also it is mentioned they ate only fruits and roots during their vanavasa.	
How did the Pandavas travel to Lanka to meet Vibhishana	The question is based on false premise.Most scholars accept that Ramayan happened before Mahabharat. Ram's lineage (Ishvaku) is mentioned in Mahabharat and the names are of descendents of Ram.As per Ramayan, Ram and Vibhishan needs to be present in same time. And if Ramayan happened before Mahabharat Pandavas couldn't possibly meet Vibhishan.	
Could Bhishma have achieved the same success in the Kurukshetra War as Arjuna if he had fought on the side of Pandavas with Lord Krishna as his charioteer	Well as you can yourself deduce that Bhishma is still considered one of the greatest warrior, and doesn't matter which side he was on everybody knew his potential and even after so much time Bhishma is still considered fairly positive.He was following his Dharma fighting from kauravas side even though he was inclined and knew that Pandavs side is the noble one.Bhishma had his fair share of success but even if he had fought from Pandavs he would have still be overshadowed by Arjuna(not intentionally) because thats how skillful Arjuna was.Finally to end this answer with a note, when Bhishma was commanding the army there were one or two instances when even Arjuna had to retreat from the battle as attack from Bhishma was so powerful and all the Gods looking down from the heaven even they were amazed by it.	no he cant as because he was fated to die by sikhandi and for the sins commited against his own teacher and arjunaas friend both avatars of vishnu one parashurama and krishna	Bheeshma didn’t need Lord Krishna to win the war, even Bhagwaan Parshuram couldn’t defeat him. He could have single-handedly won the war for Pandavas. The reason why he was defeated was that he was fighting against Dharma and the whole message of Mahabharta was, no matter how mighty you are, if you are aginst Dharma, you’ll be defeated.	
Would it have made a difference if Bhishma had decided to fight on the side of the Pandavas	Firstly, if Bhishma wouldn't be on the side of Kauravas, Shakuni wouldn't have let Duryodhan wage war as Shakuni believed Bhishma was the strongest & mightiest warrior they had (even though he personally despised him)..But still if it went to war, then Bhishma would be the Commander of Pandav army.. But here comes the problem.. Now Shikhandi & Bhishma both would be on the same side and so Shikhandi wouldn't be able to complete his revenge..So he would leave the Pandav army and side with the Kauravas (as his only motive in 2 births was just to kill Bhishma)So ultimately again Bhishma would create havoc on the Kaurav army & at the 10th day of battle, Karn would have Shikhandi on his chariot & he would injure Bhishma with countless arrows while standing behind Shikhandi..Ultimately everyone would get the same fate even if Bhishma fought from the side of Pandavas…	
What is the story about Radha apparently being cursed to separate from Lord Krishna	Radha is neither mentioned in Vyasa Mahabharata nor she finds any mention in Srimad Bhagavatha. She is a character from later fictional literature.Her association with Krishna is a fictional romantic poetry from 3rd century CE and only found momentum in Hindi literature in medieval times. However, she inspired flowery poetry and rich literature.There are no merit in the arguments which claim details about Radha’s association could have gone missing due to additions/updates of scriptures. Krishna left Brindavan at a very early age ( say as early as 8) and never returned which certainly invalidates any claims of Radha’s romantic association with Krishna. So that clearly proves any stories of non-existent Radha and her possible separation, Radha’s husband and a possible curse, can all be attributed to later creative fiction which is far from Krishna’s journey as per scriptures.	
Could Lord Balarama out of rage kill Arjuna after he abducted Subhadra	Both were incarnations of Lord Vishnu so the fight happening will be impossible to predict.Also Lord Krishna will never let that happen. In archery Arjuna is great but in strength Baladeva/ Balabhadra/ Balarama is supreme.A win is not possible as Arjuna who fought Lord Siva and gave a tough fight is no slouch as Nara the Lord Vishnu amsa or divinity.	
Is Virata War of Mahabharata an interpolation to further glorify Arjuna	Qn- Is Virata War of Mahabharata an interpolation to further glorify Arjuna?Why this doubt??? Any reasons !!!Virata war was the reason for Uttara and Abhimanyu's wedding… And that's where the pandavas made plans for the peace proposals and then war.Virata war is why the lineage of Pandavas continued with Parikshit through Uttara.Virata war is where Duryodhana recognises Arjuna (during/after agyaat vas) and he tells them to go back for 12 more years vanvaas. But Drona tells him that the time period was over before the Virata war…It is part of the original Mahabharata	
Who is the son of Duryodhana	Laxman was the son of Duryodhana.	
Why isn t the BJP government making efforts to excavate places related to Ramayana and Mahabharata	Why isn’t the BJP government making efforts to excavate places related to Ramayana and Mahabharata?They themselves are suspicious, they do not want to kill an issue, which is giving dividends to them election after election.Ram setu bridge also known as Adams bridge is put up as proof of Ramayana era.When did events of Ramayana and Mahabharata actually occur?It all depends on what answer you are prepared to receive, for the answer is complicated and mired in politics. There are essentially two kinds of answers: faith-based answer, or fact-based answer. Faith-based answer accepts as absolute truth what is transmitted in texts and by teachers without critical analysis; it makes people vociferously certain. Fact-based answer is limited by availability of measurable and verifiable evidence; it makes people cautious and doubtful.For example, there is archaeological evidence of cities, now submerged under the sea, near the city now called Dwarka, in Gujarat. These are probably over 4,000 years old, dated to Harappan times. This is an established fact. Faith-based answer will jump to the conclusion that this is the island-city of Dwarka whose destruction is described in the epic Mahabharata, the earliest available retelling of which is less than 2,500 years old. Fact-based answer will say, there is not enough evidence linking the two.Now, Hindus believe that time is cyclical. So there is no one Ramayana or Mahabharata. These events recur in every cycle (kalpa). Each cycle has four phases (yuga), and Ramayana takes place in the second, and Mahabharata in the third. Between each cycle there is pralaya (end of the world) when all matter is dissolved and the only memory that survives is the Vedas.The last Ice Age, when much of the earth was covered with snow, ended about 10,000 years ago. The faith-based school believes the Ice Age marked the last pralaya. Based on astronomical information such as position of constellations and time of eclipses available in scriptures, they have concluded that events in the Ramayana took place 7,000 years ago and events in the Mahabharata took place 5,000 years ago. The sages Valmiki and Vyasa witnessed these events, and composed epics, not merely to share the story, but to reveal how their protagonists, Ram and Krishna, used Vedic wisdom to engage with society. However, this traditional view is not accepted by scientists.According to scientists, after the Ice Age, we find rise of human civilisation around the world, especially in river valleys. We find settlements in South Asia as confirmed by cave paintings and various Stone Age artefacts. The Harappan city civilisation thrived around the rivers Indus and Saraswati in the North West for a thousand years from 5,000 years ago to 4,000 years ago, with trade links to Egypt and Mesopotamia. Climate changes, and the drying of Saraswati, led to the collapse of this civilisation. We don’t know what language was spoken here so we don’t know if they were aware of Ram or Krishna. The only image recognisable is one that suggests Shiva in meditation. While Harappan cities collapsed, the ideas found in the Harappan civilisation did not die out and probably served as one of the many tributaries to the river we called Indic culture. And so plants such as pipal, symbols such as swastika and mathematical proportions such as 5:4 (one and one quarter) which have been traced in Harappan cities are still very much part of contemporary Indian faith systems.As the Harappan civilisation (cities without language) waned, the Vedic civilisation (language without cities) waxed, marked by hymns in a language similar to the language of a nomadic people who migrated out 5,000 years ago from Eurasia towards Europe in the West and India via Iran in the East. The migration of a people and/or language took place over several centuries. It was never an invasion as British Orientalists imagined.According to language experts, while proto-Sanskrit may have come from Eurasia, the language we call Sanskrit today emerged in the region where Harappan cities once thrived. Did the two people mingle, exchange ideas? Did the Veda-chanting people inhabit the dying Harappan cities? Evidence is weak. The people speaking Vedic Sanskrit eventually spread further east towards the Ganga where they established a thriving civilisation 3,000 years ago. The hymns refer to an eastward migration. Reference to iron is found in later hymns. Archaeologists have found painted greyware pottery in the Gangetic plains that can be dated to this period. So we are fairly confident that Vedic civilisation thrived in the Gangetic plains 3,000 years ago.The epics refer to events in the Gangetic plains, so can we say these events happened around 3,000 years ago? Events in the Mahabharata refer to the upper Gangetic plains (Indraprastha, near modern Delhi) and the behaviour of people is rather crude as compared to the very refined behaviour found in the Ramayana and which describes events in the lower Gangetic plains (Ayodhya, Mithila) and further south. Can we say events in the Ramayana took place after the Mahabharata, and the refinement indicates passage of time and evolution of culture? However, this goes against what the epics themselves say. In the Mahabharata, the Pandavas are told the story of an ancient king called Ram, which makes Ramayana, at least narratively, an earlier tale. This makes things confusing.The Mauryan kings introduced writing to India 2,300 years ago and Vedic hymns started being put down in writing less than 2,000 years ago. Until then the corpus of Vedic knowledge was transmitted orally. This gave the Brahmins, carriers of Vedic knowledge, special status in society. Brahmins were challenged by hermits (shramana) who valued contemplation and meditation more than rituals. They spoke words of wisdom that appealed to society. The most popular hermit was the Buddha who lived 2,500 years ago. The hermits rejected the Vedic rituals and the householder’s life. Ramayana and Mahabharata seem to have been composed as a reaction to this hermit revolution, so after the age of the Buddha, they argue in favour of the householder’s life and reveal how hermit’s wisdom can be used within the household.Excavating more may give us more clue to study further, BJP don't want this, they simply wants us to believe. The more you believe or trust the more vulnerable you are to get cheated.BTW what difference would it make in our day to day like, by knowing whether ayz existed?Ramayana - WikipediaWhen did events of Ramayana and Mahabharata actually occur?	Who said , the excavation for saraswathi river reached 500 crores, ayodhya excavation crossed thousand crores, but keeladi didn't even get 70 crores properly..	
Is it inauspicious to bring the Mahabharata at home	Yes , Some people especially elders used to say like that as it contains stories of conflict between family members and dear ones and also about war which brought death , destruction and devastation . Elders usually say that If we kept it at home there will be somewhat same atmosphere like that . But people have different opinions and beliefs for it .	We are living in the 21st century and we expect at least some rationality and reasoning from Hindus. How can a book classified as a Itihasa shastra, bring inauspiciousness in homes? The Mahabharata is as calm as the moon and as sweet as nectar. It is blessed by Krshna Himself, and is composed by His literary incarnation . Wait… you read the Bhagavad Gita, don't you? it is a part of the Mahabharata. So does it bring inauspiciousness in your home?!!	Good question Quora is bringing to limelight for discussion. sure many people believe any image or photo even discussion regarding MAHABHARAT at home is inauspicious and will bring ill omen,quarrel and unhappiness in the family.That is all fear complex and superstition.Any talk or discussion when Lord Krishna is part and parcel of the event can never bring ill omen rather it will create love and submission to God.	Nope	
What is this whole concept of some celestial weapon named Bramhadanda circulating on Quora I have read the Ramayana and Mahabharata and never come across any such weapon	It is same as statement of Atimaharathi, Mahamaharathi etcSame as talking about how evil were Pandavas or greedy etc compared to Karna the greatAll serials and some writers imagination. Some are saying there are 3 varieties of Narayana, Pasupata and Brahma Astras not sure where this also comes from..	Apparently Karna possessed more potent weapons than Arjuna's Pashupata.They are Brahmandastra, Bhargavastra and what not. So these supporters of Karna want to show his humility that despite possessing such divine astras, he didn't use them.Dear Karna Supporters/Arjuna Bashers/Quorans:Please note: The highest Weaponry mentioned in the Mahabharata or Ramayana is the Narayanastra/Brahmashira/Pashupata/Brahmastra.Brahmastra is a more common weapon that is possibly supposed to be with all the warriors of the time. It also possibly manifests according to the current circumstance: It bound Hanuman, It destroyed the Forces of Lanka, It was used in the Virata War and the Kurukshetra.Also please understand that piercing each other with shafts is not an equivalent to winning or a victory. It merely means an upper hand in that particular circumstance. There are recorded re-rallying of the warrior concerned.Don't take a single battle out of context. Please calm down and have a meaningful conversation here on Quora. Quote authentic sources and Canon text and accepted interpretations.Please note that Palace of Illusions, Devdutt Patnaik, Surya Putr Karn, Karn Sangini, Mahabharata by BR Chopra and Star Plus… all are not Canon.Accepted texts are KMG, BORI, Tatparya Nirnaya by various Acharyas : Shankaracharya/Madhvacharya/Ramanuja.	
Does Draupadi marry the 5 Pandavas	Yes. Arjun won Draupadi in a contest held at her Swayamvar and she chose to marry him. When the Pandavas returned to the forest where they lived, their mother Kunti said that they must share whatever they have brought. Therefore she had to marry all the Pandavas.	
Besides Arjuna what were the Pandavas Kauravas Bhisma Drona Ashwatthama Kripa Karna doing with their lives during the 12 year exile of Arjuna in the Adi Parva	My guess is bhishma, drona doing their daily job routine. Ashwaththama ruling panchala. Duryodhana and party killing flies. They got proactive only after duryodhanas jealous got triggered after his stay at indraprastha. Till then actually duryodhana I doubt knew how khandavaprastha had undergone a vast change in its development. He must have been happy ki banjar khandavprastha pandavao ko milgaya and celebrating in his mind.	
Why did the army of Manipur Kingdom not participate in the Mahabharata War as Arjun was married to Manipuri s Princess Chitrangada	Chitrangda father had an agreement with Arjuna that she was Putrika and her son would be heir to his throne. Arjuna agreed and thus Babruvahana became heir to throne of Manipura. Arjuna respecting his agreement did not drag that state into his issues. Chitrangada however kept visiting him and even was present in Indraprastha on all important occasions.Before someone comes with folktale or fake stories from TV serials where Babruvahana in angry on Arjuna, I would like to clarify that both were happy with each other and had no enmity. In fact during Ashwamedha yagya Baburvahana welcomed him but Arjuna reminded him of Kshatriya honor to fight and win.In short as per Chitrangada father’s wish Manipur wanted to stay aloof from issues of Pandavas and thus Arjuna followed it. Babruvahana now represented his maternal grandfather clan not of Pandu or pandavas.Arjuna other wife Ulupi however sends his son Iravan to battle for Pandavas. As per Gitapress he even visits heaven to assure Arjuna in training from Gods, that he would fight with his army of snakes for Pandavas. Iravan died in war. Arjuna decision to not involve Manipur Perhaps saved Babruvahana from such an end.Edit:In case if anyone is interested in knowing more about Babruvahana role in Ashwamedha yagya then here is detailed answerAnmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Why did Babruvahana kill Arjuna?	
Who was the strongest army during the Dwapara Yuga age of the Mahabharata	If you mean by strength of allies and number then it was probably Jarasandha army of 23 akshauni and if you mean by quality and tough warriors then it was Yadavas of Dwarka.Then the other two forces were of Panchal and Hastinapur. They have warriors and also they were mentally battle hardened. Panchal did not have big army as such but they were fierce and even people of Panchala were inclined towards battles. Drupad and his sons were all fierce warriors.Hastinapur and Indraprastha had great warriors and if we see them as one force then they had great warriors and good army.But Jarasandha with his numbers and supported by his allies had the biggest army which was reason for tension in the subcontinent.	
Was Draupadi a powerful lady or was she merely arrogant about her wealth and possession	SHE IS A NOBLE LADY PRAISED NOT ONLY PANDAVAS , SRI KRISHNABUT ALSO BY GANDHARI AND KUNTHI WHOLEHEARTEDLY.SHE IS THE EMBODIMENT OF VIDYA DEVATHE.NORMALLY MOTHERINLAW AND DAUGHTER IN LAW DO NOT GET ALONG WELL IN A HINDU UNDIVIDED FAMILY AND GETS DIVIDED.BUT EXCEPTION IS IN DRAUPADI AND KUNTHI IN MAHABHARATH AND SEETHA AND KAUSALYA IN RAMAYANATHE LESSON FR THE PRESENT GENERATION IS IF IT FOLLOWSTHEN OUR NEXT GENERATION WILL BE GREATEST IN UNIFICATION OF A FAMILY WHICH BONDS US WITH LOVE AND AFFECTION AND DOES NOT GET SEPARATED AFTER THE MARRIAGE OF THE BRIDEGROOM	To answer before that I would like to put forth some facts about human nature and hopefully you can deduce the conclusion even if I would not be able to clearly and simply answer you straight forward.Fact one : Whatever wrong has happened in Mahabharata and due to duryodhana is because of what had been said to each other in presence of commons or individually.Illustration 1 : karna asked for duel with Arjuna for the nomination of best archer during competition but yet many would have known his birth story no one stand and defended him…nor could his own mother mrs.kunti and resulted the hatred inculcated in him for his own blood brothers throughout his life . Results you know after when he became bonded with Mr. duryodhan.Illustration 2: Yet only mr.duryodhana was amused as how beautifully the main palace of capital Indraprastha was built and had enhanced by illusions no one could escape of and for the safeguard security personnel were deployed to warn the tourist as himself mr.duryodhan was warned before entering into pond resembling marble floor and he ignored as it was understood that security guard would have no sense and followed the duty and treated as lower class personal who did not have had the idea how to be with noble or gentry and moved on and yet got dumped himself into the the marble resembling pond .Someone like mrs.draupadi who was seeing all this happening before her eyes must not have mocked him and commenting “ the son of blind is blind not only dumb” …such cruel words can hurt anyone for being ashamed of the situation.Illustration 3 :Wealth and possession were momentarily as Pandavas had to go for alms during forest period to feed the family in disguise of brahmins but she managed peacefully under the incarnation of dharmraj and lived well.Secondary, mrs. Draupadi was born out of “delubrum” of yagya performed by hieromancy teachers and this in herself she is no doubt powerful enough compatriot to any common woman and that herself made her a Princess as the yagya performed by her father the king Drupad.Conclusion :It's the human behaviour and ones tolerance power not to get humiliated and let it go to a certain limit but once a man is being mentally tomented to a level of his stigmatic social ironies like duryodhan and I'll treated lady who was possibly raped amongst gentry ,it is viable for someone to get arrogant enough for life long until the existence of life till death in between the hater and caused by.Hope , I have tried with some illustrations before I would hit to my answer but may have some weak points and could be a fiasco but also debatable at other hand but before concluding there is lot to go final answers but if someone has done some wrong there may be fact that some situations must occurred ,some ignorance and wisdom failed ,some knowledge enough had not tested at the time when used,some Impatient had caused the catastrophe and someone's trust would had been breached .Final words “smile and peace”RegardsShreeom Sharma	Draupadi and her brother Dhrishtadyumna were both implants, they were trained assassins/ spies bought by Drupad so as to avenge himself for the humiliation he faced at the hands of Hastinapur and so as to be a part of the the most dominant empire of Hastinapur which had conquered almost the whole of India.Draupadi and Dhrishtadyumna were not born as infants, as per Mahabharat they came from fire, but fire was nothing more than a symbolism of revenge. They were bought and adopted by Drupad from some mystery war profiteering individual.Henceforth, her actions were not spontaneous but were well thought of, planned and rehearsed. She was indeed powerful, clever and a true spy who accomplished her task meticulously along with Dhrishtadyumna, Shikhandi Drupad at the behest of the mystery man.	This question reeks of arrogance.Anyone who is merely arrogant about one’s wealth and possessions can never attain the grace, love and protection of Sri Krishna. You think he would care if Draupadi was of such character and protect her and her husbands continually?	Yes, of course, Draupadi is power Lady she is a gift of God and also ayonija(Which means not born by any other ladies yoni.). She is not arrogant about wealth or possession. She is a sort of Kind-hearted and having respect for elders.Your next question how do you know this type of kind-hearted and having respect for elders.The answer is simple. If she is not having respect she’ll not obey the words of her law words.	
Who is the best donor Dharman or Karnan in Mahabharata Why	Thanks for A2A.Charity was considered back on those days as one of the best ways to earn merits and earning merits was part of wish to reach heaven after death. Therefore charity specially towards righteous or bramhins was considered a great act and used to be applauded by people.Therefore all good kings were indifferent to that. Some level of donation always used to be given by King after different religious sacrifices. Arjuna said to be donated many thing during his exile period, Yudisthira said to be donated many during his rein as king - specially during his Rajasuya sacrifice or Aswamedha Sacrifice. In fact after Aswamedha Sacrifice he donated every thing that was won by Arjuna to Vyas. It was said many bramhins used to get free food in Indraprastha or even during his period of exile. The food was prepared and served by Queen Draupadi herself.Now coming to Karna, he had special attachment to sun God. It was said that Karna was half part of Sun God himself and obviously known as son of Sun God. Sun God was known as God of giver. It was said Karna used to worship Sun God and he would refuse nothing if asked by some one. It was possibly his vow.Comparing Karna with Yudisthira was therefore logically wrong - Yudisthira was known as Son of God Dharma. He loved Dharma or righteousness more than any thing else. He could leave any thing except Dharma.Now it would be intriguing to analyze why Karna was attached to charity. Keeping aside the mythical aspect for now - it was also known that Karna was raised by suta family in completely Suta society of Anga Kingdom. Keeping aside Adhiratha’s lineage or how Anga was populated by Suta for now lets analyze the suta aspect.Sutas were said to be mixture of bramhins and Khsatriyas. That makes them technically third powerful caste of the society. They used to take up various jobs such as fighting, chariot driving to advisory of king or taking up diplomatic mission. They were said to be trusted people of warrior caste - example look for Daruka - Krishna relationship or Sanjaya - Dritarastra relationship. So they knew many details specially how warriors performed in battlefields.Apart from that there biggest contribution to the society was their acts as bards. They were the story teller to society. Through them people came to know how a warriors performed or what act they did. Sutas acted as medium between people and Royals. Now think for a while, what stories Sutas were going to tell to society?First place 100% if not most of those sutas were men. The consumer of those stories were also mostly men. So the stories sutas used to tell that could be sold to men - which included how a warrior acted in battlefield and how virtuous he was in life etc. There are few virtues people loved to see in men - bravery, loyalty, charity and deeds in battlefield in case of warrior. These are the few thing which common people loved to see although no one bothers to follow them. Even now we glorify men who makes donation or give charity( such as Nana Patekar or Salman Khan) , staying loyal at any condition (as we always ‘look’ for people who stay loyal to us at any condition - we love that) etc.I believe Karna knew that he was not biological son of Adhiratha and Radha long back. Rather he always ‘believed’ he was a Khsatriya. The presence of armor or earrings could be the main reason for that. In fact it could be his relatives or even Adhiratha/Radha themselves would have told the truth that Karna was not suta.Now when I say he aspired to be a great Khstriya, what it would meant? How did he knew what it’s meant to be a great Khsatriya? Technically what he actually wanted was to be a most famous warrior in the world. Since he was raised by sutas, he must have heard how sutas were glorifying the warriors which fueled his aspiration. He ‘possibly’ wanted some day the sutas would sing glorify him as well.But that aspiration of being a famed Khstriya was also based on how sutas viewed Khsatriya caste in general which was in turn related to what could be sold to public. I could list down some of those aspects -Being great warrior - most famous.Loyalty - being loyal at any condition.Charity - charity was a virtue loved by people even now and definitely sutas would have glorified in case any warriors donated any thing.Now technically being a great Khsatriya doesn’t mean just above. It was a suta version of great Khsatriya or a populist version of great Khsatriya which was in turn idolized by Karna for he constantly listening stories of warrior caste from the mouth of sutas.Although it doesn’t explains why Karna used to worship Sun God. It’s possible that worshiping Sun God was a practice in Anga.It’s a guessing game - but Karna as Sun worshiper possibly idolized him and there fore that is another connection of he being a donor.His charity was directly related to his aspiration of being most popular or famous was visible in three occasion -When Sun God came to alert him of Indra’s intention to take his armor. Sun God asked him to refuse Indra. But the suggestion was straight away refused by Karna.Technically merit of donation is directly linked with it’s impact - donation to righteous people or poor bramhins can’t be compared with Indra.Donation is good when it makes a good impact. Karna’s insistence on donating his armor to Indra was more of his own ego and aspiration of being more popular as donor rather than having any good intention for society.By watching that karna was insisting on giving up his armor for sake of earning fame, Sun God suggested him to make an exchange with Indra’s Vasavi Shakti. Karna accepted that suggestion and makes an exchange of armor earrings with Vasavi Shakti.When Kunti approached him to join Pandavas, he refused. He did gave a promise to Kunti to not to kill four Pandavas except Arjuna thus keeping number of her sons five.But end of the he couldn’t give what kunti asked actually fearing what would people say if he now joins Pandavas.Remember Bhima also had taken a vow to kill 100 kouravas including Duryodhana and still Karna was able promise otherwise.But when it came to Arjuna or when it came to joining Pandavas he refused citing people’s impression on that.The biggest one was with Krishna - Krishna did asked him to come with him and Pandavas would offer him technically every thing they could offer.Even after accepting that it was he, Dussasshana, Duryodhana and Shakuni who was responsible for all these act he refused giving many thing.Krishna therefore clarified that in case of battle or war, the win of Pandavas was guaranteed - giving an impression that offer was made to avert the war and destruction and not for benefit of Pandavas.But he still refused and if you look at the ground of refusal it was related to his loyalty to his Duryodhana and his fear about what people say.Technically this was a litmus test and popular perception was Karna was right in rejecting the offer highlighting list loyalty and fame over accepting kingdomBut if you look what Actually Krishna said - it was an offer for averting a war and destruction which Karna refused to on ground of his personal loyalty and fame even after accepting that Duryodhana and all other khsatriyas would die. So whom he was actually benefiting?These three refusals straight away proves that Karna’s act was more to do his public image of being most famous warrior rather than actual loyalty or charity.He fails when his ability to donation was challenged with fame or popularity. In other word - he was asked to give away his aspiration of being famous or popular where he exactly failed.He could give any thing that he ‘believed’ would increase his fame and popularity and refused when he ‘believed’ it would decreased his popularity. It had nothing to do with social benefits or impacts.	
Was Karna an epic fool	Fool. That's how nowadays too much loyal and honest people are called.So with the above said statement we may sum up he is a foolKarna is a best example for“Foolishness is talent on the wrong side”	
What is the connection Veda Vyasa with the Mahabharata	Vedvyasa is the one who composed the verses of Mahabharat for the future generation to read.Vedvyasa was an ascetic born to Satyavati before her marriage to King Shantanu. Like his father he too was a learned man. He left his mother to follow his father’s footsteps but promised to come back whenever she needed him.After the death of her sons Vichitravirya and Chitrangada, the throne was left without an heir. Satyavati till now had never revealed the existence of Vedvyasa. After consulting her stepson Bhishma, she summons him from the forest and requests him to impregnate her daughter in laws, Ambika and Ambalika. Thus were born Dhritrashtra, Vidhur and Pandu. Their sons laid the foundation of the battle of Kurukshetra.	
Why is the relationship between Krishna and Bhima not highlighted like the relationship between Rama and Hanuman	We need to understand the difference between Ramayana and Mahabharata . Rama is considered to be a noble man by Valmiki . Where Vyaysa says Krishna is manifestation of parabhraman .Second thing,Valmiki showcased the true essence of bhakthi yoga through hanuman . As per Ramayana , there was confrontation given to Rama to choose between 2 rights. When bhakthi becomes true essence , the devotee is a same as god but in a different manifestation . since Rama was a noble man , he faced all the problems like human .On the other side, vyasa showcases Krishna as the real boss of the epic . Anything, which has happened in Mahabharata , Kurukshetra including Bhagavat Gita is considered to portraying Krishna’s pure consciousness . He is not bound by body , mind , intellectual, he does not commit sin nor he does not have punya. He is personification of auspicious and consciousness. Second, Bhima as per Mahabharata is considered to be one of the character with some uniqueness. He acted in accordance to Krishna so relationship between Bhima and Krishna was supplemental not a great thing to highlight . Vyasa was genius .	Only similarity between Bheem and Hunuman were that Bheem was Vayuptra like lord Hanuman. Lord Hanuman is a Rudra Avataar and that relationship has a different significance and story behind it.	
Is Ashwatthama from the epic Mahābhārata still alive Are there any witnesses to it	It is said that Ashwatthama is still alive and he has been seen by the villagers in the forest near Khandwa ,Madhya Pradesh. It is also heard that he demands for pure “Ghee" from the villagers. It is known that his “Mani" was removed from his head during the Mahabharata war and he was left alive. In order to fill the cut of the same he demands for “Ghee". But all these things are based on auricular witness. There is no strong evidence or proof available which may establish that Ashtthama is still alive .	
What was the real plan of Shakuni in Mahabharata Did he save the Kauravas or destroy them	Shakuni is usually perceived as being wicked, cunning and extremely scheming. In fact, he practically masterminded the great war of Kurukshetra. His entire mission was to take revenge for several unjust events that took place in his life or the life of his near and dear ones.He wanted to avenge Gandhara's defeat at the hands of Hastinapur and the way his whole family had to suffer for it.He fumed at Bhishma's insult – when the latter insisted that his sister, Gandhari, marry the blind Dhritarashtra.He also wanted to see the Kauravas reigning over the Pandavas and completely defeating them (though he knew that may never happen).Shakuni worked tirelessly to inject poison in the minds of the Kauravas, against their cousins, the Pandavas. He planned and plotted several crimes against them. Most of his plans failed, as Lord Krishna's presence in the Pandavas' lives invariably saved them time and again. Yet, Shakuni kept up with his endeavors to destroy the Pandavas.Strangely, Shakuni was well aware, in a corner of his heart, that he would never be able to fight and win against Krishna and that the Kauravas would eventually have to accept defeat. But his hatred for Dhritarashtra and the Pandavas too was so great, that it overrode anything and everything else.In Mahabharata it's mentioned, that after the way Shakuni and the Kauravas had insulted the Pandavas in the Game of Dice episode, the Pandavas swore to kill them all. They were especially particular about killing Shakuni, who they considered the main villain behind the unfortunate turn of events.Accordingly, they were looking for just one opportunity to kill Shakuni. The latter, however, managed to outsmart them each time and managed to slip away, in order to avoid being slain by them. He survived till the very last day of the war.On the eighteenth day of the Kurukshetra war, Sahadeva faced Shakuni on the battlefield. Being the wisest of the Pandavas, Sahadeva knew exactly what the latter's motive was, and the actual reason why he waged war against the Pandavas – in order to seek revenge. Sahadeva told Shakuni that he should stop fighting, since he had already achieved what he wanted to. He asked him to go back to his kingdom, Gandhara, and rule, instead of participating in this meaningless violence and killing.In that moment, Shakuni felt deep remorse and a genuine repentance for all that had transpired in the recent past. He suddenly felt like opening out to this young man standing in front of him – to talk to him, like an elder does to a younger member in a family. He recounted to Sahadeva all his childhood events; how his whole family had been tortured at the hands of Dhritarashtra; and how his sister had suffered marrying a blind King. He admitted to having poisoned Bheema; planning the Lakshagraha incident; chalking out a strategy to kill Abhimanyu and so on. He also confessed to all the other crimes he had committed in this lifetime and told the young man that he could no more bear to live on; carrying this load of remorse and guilt for all the evil deeds he had done in this lifetime. And finally got killed by Sahadeva.	
If the Trinity came into recognition after the Buddha period then what about the Ramayana and the Mahabharata	Trinity is a christian concept. SECTARIANISM came into recognition in Hinduism after the Buddha period. Vishnu, Shiva, Brahma Prajapati, were perfectly known since the dawn of time.	
Is there a reason behind the fact that male protagonists of Ramayan and Mahabharat were incarnations of Lord Vishnu born to human parents while the female protagonists werent and either came out of Yagna or Earth	As we all know that both the stories are preached from generation to generation for establishing a single point of victory of good over evil, therefore the whole point of male protagonists are supposed to have some extraordinary skill set which can only be proved extraordinary only if a human does it rather than a godly figure.And also the concept of GOD is not a part of Hindu mythology and scriptures as these people are portrayed as DEV rather than GODS that's why they set an example to all the human population.This may be the sole reason for lord Vishnu to incarnate on earth as human by being born to human parents. Now speaking of female protagonists, they are to be worshipped as deities and they play a pivotal role in every story we hear by the creation of circumstances to prove the sole purpose of these stories. And being deities, they cannot come to earth as humans i.e born to human parents in order to die a human death therefore they are portrayed to be a result of yagna or some mystical procession.And this can be effectively seen by the fact that Sita (9 deviyan), kunti,subhadra,kaushalya and even hidimba are worshipped in our country but there are no signs of RAM or the PANDAVAS to be worshipped or any sort of temples regarding them are created rather they are admired as ideal for humans.	Question by anonymousIs there a reason behind the fact that male protagonists of Ramayan and Mahabharat were incarnations of Lord Vishnu born to human parents while the female protagonists weren't and either came out of Yagna or Earth?God Vishnu is male. Therefore His incarnations are male. His wife, Goddess Lakshmi also takes incarnations.You ask why the male protagonists of the Ramayan and Mahabharat were born to human parents while the female protagonists came out of the Yadnya and were found inside the earth.I think there is some confusion.Ramayan:Male protagonist - Shri Raam, avatar of God Vishnu born to humans Dashrath and Kausalya.Female protagonist - Sita, avatar of Goddess Lakshmi, found by King Janak from under earth.Chapter 66 of the Baalkaand mentions thusअथ मे कृषतः क्षेत्रम् लांगलात् उत्थिता मम || १-६६-१३क्षेत्रम् शोधयता लब्ध्वा नाम्ना सीता इति विश्रुता |Janak says:Later, when I was ploughing the ritual-fieldFrom the plough then, was raised while purifying it,I gained (this girl) Sita by name thus.That doesn't mean Sita wasn't born to humans (or rakshas as one theory holds), it just means that She was found by Janak. There is nothing “miraculous” about Her birth although there is a lot of ambiguity.Now let's look at the Mahabharat:Protagonist (1): The PandavasProtagonist (2): Shri KrishnaFemale Protagonist (1): DraupadiFemale Protagonist (2): RukminiO king, the portions of the class of Apsaras which I have mentioned already, also became incarnate on earth according to Indra's commands--And sixteen thousand portions of those devis became, in this world of men, the wives of Vaasudev. And a portion of Shri (Lakshmi) Herself became incarnate on Earth, for the gratification of Narayan, in the line of Bhishmak. And She was by name the chaste Rukmini.And the faultless Draupadi, slender-waisted like the wasp, was born of a portion of Shachi (the Queen of the Gods), in the line of Drupad.As far as the Pandavas are concerned, they weren't born of humans.	Of the statement u made, only truth, that too partially is about Mahalakshmi Sita alone.Rama n brothers- Born of Putra Kamesti yaga by eating Payasam/KheerHanuman- Born of fruit given by Vayudev to AnjanaPandavas n Karna - Born miraculously by Mantra japDraupadi - Born as addition to Putra kamamesti yaga (just as Ram n brothers) after Drustadyumna was born.P.S: YAGAS NEED WIFE ESSENTIALLY, COZ OVUM N SPEM FROM WIVE N HUSBAND ARE ARTIFICIALLY FERTILIZED N TEST TUBE BABIES ARE BORN IN YAGAS.. SO BEING BORN IN YAGAM IS NOTHING SUPERNATURAL.SITA : She was, as vowed, Vedavati reborn in Ravana’s house to coz his demise, to Rakshasi Mandodari n Sage Gritsamada’s dead body by accident. Ravana got the kid disposed far away, which was discovered by Janaka.Lakshmi is daughter of patala loka of Samudra (Titan), and is a Rakshasi named Pulomi, like Dwarpal Jaya n Vijaya.. Lakshmi is always coming from patalam- Dhanya Lakshmi-grain from ground, Aiswarya lakshmi -wealth from sea, Dhana lakshmi- gold from underground i.e mines.. EtcLike Prahlada , Lakshmi is also Parama Vaishnavi..But some accounts state Sita to be Ayonija found by Janaka.. So Sita’s birth is debated n partially true that she had no biological parents.	
What type of Pariharam will be performed on the day of our birth star My in laws performed a Pariharam for the general welfare of the family But I felt suspicious after knowing that it was done on my birth star Does	Why are you asking me? I’m a Scots-Irish Pagan. You can’t find anyone LESS halal than me!	
Is Lord Krishna a myth	The Lord KrIshna ia not a myth.Krishna is name of God which means all attractive personality in Sanskrit language.He has all attractive qualities in fullness like beauty , strength,wisdom, richness ,famous and renunciation.Therefore He is all attractive due to these qualities in fullness. Therefore He is attractive to everyone even who does not believe Him.We give a name of the God as per His qualities in all religion but He is same the origin of everybody and everything.The Lord Krishna really existed on earth.The proofs are as below:1.The Dwarka city exists still in the Arabian Sea.Around 150 feet under the Arabian Sea, sit these ruins of the ancient city of Dwarka, carbon dating back to about 9000 years.It is one of the most talked about marine settlements by the archaelogists in India.The ruins here have been carbondated, and the results show them to be as old as 9000 years- making them some of the oldest ruins in the world!As per the legend, Lord Krishna founded the city in Gujarat, naming it Dwarka. And after Krishna died, the city got submerged in water.A dive in the Arabian Sea near present Dwarka reveals the ocean floor is covered with remnants of the past.From massive stones to smaller circular structures and hundreds of anchors- all these point to the fact that it must have been an enormous port city at one time.Please check out some rare pics of this submerged city!Pic: History Channel) Dwarka imagined on landA stone structure exposed during low tide off Dwarka2.Ancient cities described in the MahabharathaMore than thirty-five sites in North India have yielded archaeological evidence and have been identified as ancient cities described in the Mahabharatha. Copper utensils, iron, seals, gold & silver ornaments, terracotta discs and painted grey ware pottery have all been found in these sites. Scientific dating of these artifacts corresponds to the non-aryan-invasion model of Indian antiquity.3.Similarity between Ramayana and MahabharataThe dynasties recorded in the Ramayan and the Mahabharat concur without a difference. Even the relations between different kings and their dynasties in both the great "epics" match with each other. If both were mere "epics" written by two entirely different at two different times, why would everything match even upto minor details?Mahabharat is of a later date than the Ramayan. Why would the author of the Mahabharat borrow the same ideas and characters as those of the author of Ramayana?4.Lineage of Shri KrishnaThe Greek historian Megasthenes has stated that Chandragupta Maurya was the 138 King in the lineage of Shri Krishna.This means that Shri Krishna did exist in the bygone era and that Mahabharat did really occur.5.Present cities from MahbaharataAll places mentioned in Mahabharata are real places, all are identified as real places.For instance, Hastinapur is in UP. Indraprastha is the present day Delhi. Dwarka is located in Gujarat coast. Moreover, Mahabharata cities are not limited to present day India because Mahabharata referred Indian subcontinent as Bharata. For example, Gandhar could be present day Kandhar.6.Astronomical referencesThe Udyoga Parva of Mahabharata narrates that, just before the War,Lord Krishna went to Hastinapur in the month of Kartika on the day when moon was at the asterism Revati. On His way to Hastinapur, Krishna took rest for a day at a place called Brikasthala, and on that day the moon was at the asterism Bharani.The day on which Duryodhana turned down all the efforts of Krishna and made the war inevitable, the moon was resting at the asterism Pushya.7.Bharat VarshThe country is named Bhaarat after the king Bharat (son of Dushyant & Shakuntala).What country would be named after the hero of a novel!8.Hole in the Aryan theoryEuropean scholars brought the nomadic Aryan tribes, into India after 1500 BC. How could these Aryans create Sanskrit language, gain so much knowledge and write all these texts before 700 BC? Great Indian thinkers including Lokmanya Tilak, Sri Arbindo, and Dyanand Sarasvati rejected the European theory.8.Unrecorded history factorMaurya, Gupta and Indo-Greek dynasties, are also recorded in our Puraanas. These dynasties are accepted only because they are also recorded by Greek historians.What about the dynasties that existed before the Greek historians?9.The Gregorian CalendarNot a surprise, but surely very interesting to note that the Gregorian Calendar indeed vouches for the Kurukshetra War to have taken place, as it states the beginning of Kali Yuga. Per the Calendar, the event occurred on February 18, 3102 BCE at 2:27:30 AM.Both, the Eastern and Western culture have accepted this date and time to have been the beginning of Kali Yuga and, also the death of Lord Krishna.10.Perfect narration of the planetary positionsKrishna left Hastinapura with Karna, on the day when the moon was yet to reach the asterism Uttara Phalguni. Karna accompanied Him to some distance to see him off and he then described to the Lord the positions of planets in the sky.11.Perfect narration of the planetary positionsHe expressed his apprehension that such a planetary configuration stood for a very bad omen: such as large scale loss of life and drenching of blood.Vyasa narrated all these planetary positions in as many as sixteen verses as if someone was describing it after visualizing them in the sky.Seeing above facts about Lord Krishna ‘s time ,we can conclude that He really exist.If we read even one sloka or one sentence of Bhagavad Gita,we can easily conclude that only God can speak the real truth with so much clarity and confidence.So Lord Krishna really exists.We as souls exist so the Super soul or God must exist whose name is Krishna ,Allah or Jehova or Buddha as per His http://qualities.We should therefore pray and glorify Him with love for every body ‘s happiness.Thanks	The entire crowd will be divided into 3 parts while answering this question:1) One kind of people who will give you proofs from various literature , Scholar work, Vedas and other sources that Krishna existed.2) Second kind of people who will give various thesis on science and how life happened by chance without any interference of supreme power.3) Third kind of people who are not convinced with the Proofs provided by the first kind of people but want to believe in them and they do not want to believe the thesis of second kind of people.To me this question does not matter at all.Krishna to me is not a person rather a phenomenon. Krishna teachings , thoughts are so practical that it is so much relevant in today's world. Krishna can happen to anybody , any place , any time. OSHO correctly said Who cares to note the date, time and all the events when Krishna happened. Even I would not. I would be in the awe of Krishna.There are lot of things that science cannot define. Science considers something to be existing only if it has mass. According to Science , love /affection for your loved ones are non-existing hence unimportant since they do not have mass.But I am sure most of you would leave your very important work when you come to know that your loved one is unwell or needs you. How can something which is not visible to naked eyes and does not have a mass make you leave a work which you are doing physically and very well existent according to science?That is love. I call that Krishna. Every thing that happens without an effort is Krishna . Every emotion you feel in your life is Krishna.You can find your own Krishna. It does not necessarily has to be on paper or through any proof.	Krishna is neither mythological nor historical, but transcendental. He is the Supreme Person who lives eternally in his transcendental abode and he descended five thousand years ago to this world to re-establish cosmic order. The activities he performed during his descent can be called historical, though, accurately speaking, they are eternal, manifesting to human vision through history.That Krishna is historical, not mythological, has been verified by rigorous research conducted over the last several decades in several independent and concurrent sources. Let’s consider three such sources:Archaeology: Underwater expeditions of the coast of modern day Dwarka discovered the submerged remains of the ancient Dwarka city as described in the Mahabharata and the Srimad Bhagavatam. The recovered artifacts like the seals and coins bearing names and insignias connected with Krishna demonstrate that the scriptural descriptions of Krishna are not mythological but historical.Archaeastronomy: The Mahabharata describes many unusual astronomical formations, especially the alignment of the sun, the moon and the six visible planets in one line at the onset of Kali yuga five thousand years ago. Today we have astronomical software that, when fed particular coordinates and dates, displays approximations of the sky as our remote ances­tors saw it. Using such software, scientists have found that the Mahabharata’s astronomical formations did indeed occur approximately five thousand years ago, with the unusual planetary alignment taking place in 3102 BC.Literature: Krishna is mentioned not only in the Vedic literature themselves, but also in non-Vedic literature like the Buddhist Sutrapitaka and Lalitavistara. The Vedic literatures may be charged with trying to “build a Krishna myth”, but not these non-Vedic literatures, for they often describe Krishna negatively. But even while trying to discredit Krishna and his teachings, they never deny his historical existence, thus indirectly yet strongly demonstrating his historicity. .Due to several such evidences, most scholars worldwide have now accepted Krishna’s historicity. We will quote just two eminent scholars, one Indian and one Western:“There is now a general consensus of opinion in favor of the historicity of Krishna.” – R. C. Majumdar in The History and Culture of the Indian People“That Krishna himself was a historical figure is indeed quite indubitable.” – Rudolf Otto in The Original GitaIn fact, the latest research not only verifies Krishna’s historicity, but also outlines his life’s chronology:3228 BCE Appeared in Mathura and went to Vrindavana3218 – Moved to Mathura3200 – Moved to Dwarka3138 – Spoke Bhagavad-gita to Arjuna3102 – Returned to the Spiritual World, Kali Yuga beganSource: https://www.thespiritualscientis...	As Mahesh Ramakrishnan wrote in his answer, there are multiple perspectives to this answer.For those (Indians or foreigners), who see Krishna as myth He is a myth. Hardly anybody will change his or her standpoint.For scientists (historians, archeologists...), who see Krishna as historical person based on their hard study and research Krishna is historical person and the scientists having the opposite view will hardly change their standpoint (as vice versa).For religious people the Krishna is first the God and then a historical person.For those, who prefer quoting from scriptures that Krishna is both historical person and God, the situation changed fantastically because they can input into the computers with the texts of scriptures the name Krishna and they will all come to the same results (in a short time).The key point here is not to mock, condemn, denounce, damn, or criticize anybody for his/her standpoint injecting into the society disharmony, tensions, quarreling, or even fighting.Krishna is one of the corner stones of the Hindu culture and spirituality already about 7000 years according to both science and religion. Therefore, friendly speaking, anybody in India or abroad should be culturally or interculturally enough sensitive or competent to appreciate the reality that Krishna has such a special historical, cultural and spiritual positions despite of the fact that he/she probably thinks that Krishna is only a myth!There is another point here. It is fine when any of the standpoints stands on an individual´s personal authentic study of scientific, religious, or spiritual literature.Finally, here is a practical spiritual perspective. This perspective does not stands only on believing that Krishna´s role was and is such and such according to scriptures. Krishna´s role should be actual even for today! Otherwise, Krishna would not remain in His position for 7000 years.The actuality of His role should be intimately related with each individual´s spiritual life and practice. From this perspective, it is not the key what everything Krishna did during His life. The key point is what understanding of Krishna is the practically applicable for a spiritually seeking human being now. Definitely, it is not chanting His name and praying to Him as the omnipotent and omnipresent God reality. This everything people do thousands of years and the results are at least questionable. This perspective of actualizing the Krisha´s role for today is presented in the Bhagavad Gita. Krishna is the Instructor and Arjuna, who represents  each of us – the human being hearing the practical spiritual wisdom from the uppermost level of practical spiritual experience embodied in Krishna.	I think you are looking at the question in a wrong way. The knowledge that was present was never lost. It's still available and will be, but we are just not able to tap into it.You know when Max Muller came to India, he saw the highest grade of people living here. His comments were: "If I were to look over the whole world to find out the country most richly endowed with all the wealth, power, and beauty that nature can bestow – in some parts a very paradise on earth – I should point to India. If I were asked under what sky the human mind has most full developed some of its choicest gifts, has most deeply pondered on the greatest problems of life, and has found solutions of some of them which well deserve the attention even of those who have studied Plato and Kant – I should point to India. And if I were to ask myself from what literature we, here in Europe, we who have been nurtured almost exclusively on the thoughts of Greeks and Romans, and of one Semitic race, the Jewish, may draw that corrective which is most wanted in order to make our inner life more perfect, more comprehensive, more universal, in fact more truly human, a life, not for this life only, but a transfigured and eternal life – again I should point to India."Now, so what happened to that India? It's the British conquering of India that happened. Our legacy, Sanskrit got lost in the war for freedom and our knowledge got lost in those 200 years. Today still almost all of us, read the English translated books of Gita, Manu-Smriti which were modified or published in a format to help British to command the Indians or to berate it. That's where it hit us really hard. Now to truly understand the meaning of our literature, our vedas, puranans you got to be able to first understand Sanskrit and then only we can revive our old glorious civilization.As for Krishna, The only knowledge he stopped from propagating to Kali-Yuga from Dwapar-Yuga was the knowledge of Divya-Astras. The last person to know it was Vrishaketu, Son of Karna. And i think he was correct in doing so. Even without those, we are still highly capable of destroying out mother earth 20 times over, just think what would have happened if that knowledge would have been passed down and was misused. Also, if we go by our scriptures, Kali-Yuga is a demon which posses the mind of all people and it moves them away from the path of Vedas and hence away from our old glorious Indian civilization.Thanks For A2A	A2A.  I don't know.  There isn't much empirical evidence Krishna existed in the first place, never mind that he came to Earth from another world.  Documents by proponents of this theory are as rife with logical flaws as are most pseudoscientific documents.  I would love to someday read one of these sites or papers written by someone who sounded intelligent, coherent, grounded and reasonable.  I have not yet encountered such a document.Here's one proponent of the Krishna-alien-theory that looks like it was made in 1999: DwarkaTo summarize: Local lore is that parts of the city of Dwarka sank into the sea when Krishna left it;Archaeologists have found an underwater city near Dwarka;Therefore, asserts the page, Krishna was real and an alien.I shouldn't need to refute this with the more reasonable explanation that people noticed the city sinking into the sea and came to associate it with their religious beliefs, although this page aggressively asserts that this explanation is only plausible given western bias and failure to accept its Indocentrism, that Indian civilization is 30,000 years old and vastly superior.  If there's logic in this website, I'm just too distracted by the tiled background to see it.Thus, the physical evidence doesn't add up to support the theory.  There is weak anecdotal evidence that pushpakas, flying palaces of the gods, could have been, in fact, alien spacecraft.  Vaimanika Shastra is a "divinely inspired" aeronautical work supposedly written in the early 1900s and kept secret until 1952, although the author claims to have been channeling an ancient author.In 1974, the Engineering/Aeronautics deparment at Bangalore's Indian Institute of Science published a story which concluded that the aircraft described in the text were "poor  concoctions" and that the author showed complete lack of understanding  of aeronautics.  Perhaps they're wrong, and the aeronautics in the work run on extremely advanced power supply and engines, and their designs' aerodynamic inefficiencies are easily overcome by sheer brute force of advanced technology-- a skyscraper design might have been laughed right out of town by the best Roman architects.  Or maybe the Vaimanika Shastra's aircraft are just poorly designed to begin with and their designs' drawbacks are too flawed without actual purpose for them to have been invented by an advanced alien race.If the Vaimanika Shastra had been found before the invention of the airplane, I would find it more interesting and compelling evidence.  It wasn't.  I'm dismissing it as evidence.The better (still weak) anecdotal ancient evidence comes from the Ramayna, which tells of Krishna boarding a Pushpaka (flying palace) and taking off to the upper atmosphere.  Sounds kind of like a giant alien saucer, except Palace shaped-- maybe like a portable version of the Taj Mahal.  Take it through space, land where you want a palace, and take off again when you want to leave.  Sounds convenient. In the end this can be explained by one of two theories:  the Ramayna and Vedas which tell of flying palaces and lightning bolt weapons were fantastical and entertaining stories told of and written by a clever and imaginative people, or they were truthful depictions of spaceships-- which could only be justified if these depictions were incomprehensible and beyond the imagination of the people alleged to have concocted them.  Without further evidence, there is no rational case to be made that this theory is correct.	
I love Lord Krishna What do you love about him	Madhurima Chakraborty has told the mental attributes of Krishna which is adorable. Now I will describe physical attributes of Him which can defeat the attraction of million of Cupids and make the eyes of devotee pleasing by His transcendental beauty which make us fall in love for Him. Even the words become less to describe His reservoir of beauty.I love His smile which can make even the cowherd girls to forget all the complaints against Him when He used to steal butter from their house. When the devotees see Him smiling their all desires comes to an end and only one desire is left i.e to see His smiling face all day long. His smile is satisfying, mystical, infectious ( as it make its devotees also smile), lasting forever.In Shrimad Bhagwatam (3.28.32) lord Kapila says-A yogi should meditate on “ the most benevolent smile of Lord Hari, a smile which, for all those who bow to Him, dries up the ocean of tears caused by intense grief.”His eyes are adorable which can make even Gopis forget to blink their own eyes while beholding Him during Raas Lila.In Brahma Samhita it is written -I worship Govinda, the Primeval lord, who is adept at playing on His flute, whose blooming eyes are like lotus petals, whose head is bedecked with a peacock’s feather, whose figure of beauty is tinged with the hue of blue clouds and whose unique loveliness is charming millions of Cupids.Alas! His hairs which is bedecked by peacock feather and various flowers are so admiring that it can even make the black clouds shy of their blackness.Lord Krishna’s transcendental body is dark blue like a new cloud, your garment is brilliant like lightening and the beauty of your face is enhanced by your gunja herding stick, a buffalo horn and a flute. You stand beautifully with a morsel of food in your hand.( SB 10.14.1)I am mad about His Vaijayanti garland which can fail even the beauty of rainbow.Dressed in a charming variety of garments, upon which their garlands rest, and decorating themselves with peacock feathers, lotuses, lilies, newly grown mango sprouts and cluster of flower buds, Krishna and Balarama shine forth magnificently among the assembly of cowherd boys.’ ( SB 10.21.8)How can we forget about His flute whose music make thousands of Gopis, trees, peacocks and all living beings or non living to desire for the company of Krishna and dance with its divine music. By listening His flute the birds take shelter of the branches of the trees and close their eyes, listening to the song of Krishna’s flute with rapt attention.The Gopis declared “ To see lord Krishna playing a His flute while taking the cows to pasture is the highest perfection for the eyes. What pious activities has this flute performed that enable Him to freely drink the nectar of Shri Krishna’s lips of blessings and cowherd girlsfind difficult to achieve?( SB 10:21)The love arises by seeing His complexion which is dark blue/black like a monsoon cloud full of water with a translucent quality that emits the dazzling rays of the Brahmajyoti.And the most most admirable is His lotus feet for which the yogis are meditating for years and by surrendering to which we can get rid of all miseries and sorrows permanently and can get liberation.My dear Lord , your two lotus feet are so beautiful that they appear like two blossoming petals of the lotus flower which grows during the autumn season. Indeed the nails of your lotus feet emanate such a great effulgence that they immediately dissipate all the darkness in the heart of a conditioned soul.”( SB 4.24.52)His beauty cannot be compared to the materialistic beauty as devotees get divine pleasure by mere seeing at His charming beauty and can get His mercy and emancipated by divine love for which even the demigods earnst to have even a glimpse.Hare Krishna	I love everything about Him. He is loved not only by me, He is loved by the all. He is the only God whom we see as a son, a father a mother, a brother, a friend, a lover, a husband.The things people love about Him are:Lord Krishna as the protector of His Devotees:In 'Bhagavad Gita' Krishna declares to His soulmate Arjuna: “Know for certain, o son of Kunti, My devotees will never be destroyed”. Many examples are often given from Vedic literature, Puranas and Mahabharata and from the lives of a great number of devotees of Krishna, showing how the Lord is always taking personal care of those who surrender to Him.In 'Satya Yuga' He took His 'Narasimha'(lion-man) avtar for His great Devotee 'Prahlada':He rushed to the help of 'Gajendra' when he was attacked by a crocodile:He sent His 'Sudarshan Chakra' to save his devotee, King Ambareesh from the wrath of Durvasa:He saved Draupadi from the traumatizing situation of 'Cheer haran' and didn't let the evil win over the good:Krishna as the Perfect Friend of His Devotees:We find the true friend inside Him among all the 33 crores deities, with due respect. A lot of people speaking their hearts out to Him like we do with our friends. We feel no fear, no shame, no embarrassment speaking before Him. In fact, in Mahabharata we find Him as a true friend.Mahabharata states that Draupadi is the 'Sakhi’(friend) of Krishna. Lord Krishna loves her as a friend, protects her as a brother and enlightens her as a teacher.We all know about Krishna's friend Sudama (Kuchela). When this childhood friend of Krishna, went into the palace of Dwaraka to meet 'Kanha' , He welcomed him warmly, embraced him and washed his feet in his own hands despite being a King. Later, while returning to his home, he couldn't find his hut!! Instead, his wife and children came out from a magnificent palace and dressed in elegant clothes. Sudama recollected Krishna's pure love and his eyes welled up with tears of joy.Krishna as true lover:He expresses His love to all His devotees in various forms.He showed His love to the fortunate fruit-seller by filling her basket with diamonds and jewels.In 'Vrindavana' He expressed His love to his devotees by lifting the 'Govardhan Hill' for saving them from Indra's anger.He expressed His love to the 'Gopis' by doing the Divine dance 'Raas-leela' with them.He expressed His love to Rukmini Devi by eloping her and fulfilling her wish to marry Him.He showed His love to Meerabai by answering her prayers and saving her life from the poison, given by her brother-in-law.Krishna expressed His love to Devi Andal by fulfilling her wish to marry Him.Krishna as the teacher:He is the teacher of teachers.Everybody is aware of His teachings in the BHAGAVAD GITA. He narrated GITA to His soulmate Arjuna when he became confused to kill his own relatives.His famous teachings on 'KARMA' , not to garner result or success but do your duty. It is very beneficial to all of us.He is the friend, philosopher and guide. He is the reason of our existence and author of this nature.	Jay shree Krishna!Lord Krishna is the supreme being of the whole universe. He is the almighty who takes care of each and every thing in the universe.What I like the most about him, are :-He is like our mother. He takes care of our needs and always protects us from evils. Like our mothers scold us, love us, nurture us, and protects us and guides us in our path, he too does, and this is why even small kids become a great devotee of him!He is like our father. As our fathers always try to make us happy by giving gifts, taking us around the parks, buying us the things we want ( only those which would be beneficial for us ) and sometimes becoming our hero by protecting us from mother’s scoldings and giving us a ride on his back, Lord Krishna too fulfills our requests ( which would be beneficial ) and doing everything that our fathers do, which we don’t understand or feel! ( After meditating and being his true devotee, we feel those. )(That’s why he has rightly said that“Parents are the living gods.”)He is a great friend and lover. Lord Krishna was famous for his naughtiness and ‘Ras-leela’ with gopis and Shree Radha. This actually shows that he is a great friend and lover, for his devotees as well. He always takes his devotees as his friends and loves them as a true lover.These were some of the reasons due to which he is my favourite!Have a wonderful day ahead!JAY SHREE KRISHNA! _/\_ _/\_	
What were the particular skills of the Pandavas	Yudhishthir: Best SpearmanBhima: Best FencerArjuna: Best ArcherNakul: Best swordman, also the best animal trainerSahdev: Best swordman, also the best Astrologer	
Why are Arjunas of the epics and folktales completely different	The epics portray the characters as they were (as far as possible, we can't know for certain as we don't have a time machine)Folktales depict characters as the composer wants to show them. Most folktale composers weren't happy with the epics or thought that someone from their community/someone they admired had been dealt a bad hand by the original composer. So they make up tales to glorify their own “heroes” whole putting down the enemies of their “hero”. E.g. bheel bharata which portrays Arjuna in a very bad light was probably because of the injustice done to Eklavya by Drona when Arjuna complained to Drona. These people do not take into consideration that Arjuna was a child while Drona was a full grown adult at that time. How can a child be blamed for the actions of a grown man? They use Arjuna as a metaphorical punching bag to defame him and show him as inferior to their “heroes”.	
If Yudhishthira is given a mace and Duryodhana is given a javelin what would be the likely result of the duel	It wouldn’t had complied the condition for fight. Both were required to use the same weapon.It was certain that Pandav would win but how if yudhister using mace and duryodhan using javelin is difficult to answer.	
How did Nar and Narayan avatars come about Why does Arjun not remember if he is so special to Krishna	Nara n Narayana were first twins of universe. They are two valencies in which the Lord existed. They are almighties themselves..not avatars. They exist eternally not for sometime on earth.Narayana is God n Nara is first human. Nari is first woman.Avataras of Nara, like Lord Sri Rama (Ravan was too over confident to include Naras n Vanaras in his boon, so Vishnu took avatar as Nara..), Arjuna etc.. Never remember what they are.. Rama also never knew what he was.. Nara avataras just feel like any other man.. It is necessary for perfection of Nara valency.Krishna is Narayana avatar.. i.e Sampoorna avatar. Other avataras in dasavataras are all Nara avataras, (coz they do the dirty work themselves.. Krishna cant kill the villain of story..only Arjuna can fight in Kurukshetra not Krishna.. ) But then they are worshipped but not Arjuna.. Why? Coz only in Dwapara yuga, Nara n Narayana existed together..n while Narayana is on earth, Nara wont be worshipped. So with Krishna around.. The actual avatar Arjuna is not worshipped.It is said that Ayodhya princes along with Hanuman were born as Kuru princes of Pandu , the PandavasRama- Kodanda pani, sita swayamvara ; Arjuna- Gandeeva pani, Draupadi swayamvaraLakshman serpent hastiness n surpanaka maiming led to Ramayana war; Dharmaraju serpent hastiness n selling Draupadi led to KurukshetraVayputra Mahabali Hanuman was filled in Dwapara by his paternal half brother Vayuputra Mahabali BheemBharata, Sudarshan n gada, was a possible king but preferred to be younger brother than king ; Nakul, Sudarshan n gada, was a possible king of Madra as his Mama Shalya wanted, but preferred to be younger brother to Dharmaraja only till war was over.Satrughna, Sankha n Padma, was the actual ruler of Ayodhya who fought and successfully supressed revolutions against kingless throne of Ayodhya as Rama n Lakshmana went to forests n Bharata went underground at Nandigram also led the yaga aswam during Aswametha ; Sahadeva, Sankha n Padma, was trikal vedi who saved all from lakshya gruha..n protected Dharmaraja sovereinity in Rajasuya yagna by supressing all revolutions in south single handedly	
What did you learn from Shakuni	It is said that pen is mightier than sword, however pen works by the orders of brain. So brain is mightier than sword which means intelligence beats strength. Shakuni perfectly demonstrated this. He is actually most powerful character and a hero stuff but remained as villain as he was on wrong side. We can learn a lot of things from him.Dedication, commitment and never giving attitude to achieve his goal.Building relationships that could be useful to you.Spontaneity.Accepting defeat and gaining respect in cases where victory is impossible.Capitalizing the loopholes.Brilliant, smart, cunning ideas.How to take a revenge?Keeping someone in control thereby controlling a kingdom indirectly.Tactics and mind games.	Shakuni tries his best even he fails in his idea. The person who tries even after failure in number of attempts is called as Nayak but Shakuni was in the side of adharm so he was the great Khalnayak.	
Who is called the Bhishma Pitamah of Indian cricket	Bhishma Pitamah was known for his quality of devotion and sacrifice; and if Indian cricket could have a similar man he would be none other than a player who was never spoke more than the noise of his bat, came with a sleekly combed hair and a rabbit smile to the pitch of cricket ground, he was so passionate about. He is none other than our beloved Rahul Dravid, “The Wall”.Throughout his career he never played a selfish innings, but only for the country. He never batted at a position that he wanted but which he was offered as a part of the team. Even though was the best batsman India ever had at the 3rd position in test cricket, he moved himself to any position which was offered to him according to the plans. He never questioned, he never showed his emotions on the pitch but he always gave his 100% effort for the good of team India. His scores at all batting position shows his devotion towards the game and the faith a captain can have on him.A man whose career can be the example how a person can live his life for the needs of the game, the team and his nation. The greatest example of his dedication and devotion for the game came in 2003, when India wanted to play with an extra bowler and Rahul Dravid was the one who stepped up saying he would play the role of a wicket keeper so that Ganguly's tactics could suit the requirements and make Indian team stronger. The Wall of India stood behind the stumps with greater performance with just 1 dismissal behind one of the best wicket keeper world saw those days Kumar Sangakkara.While in World cup matches he performed beyond the expectations of many and believe me when I say that his average is second best behind great Viv Richards, and above Sachin Tendulkar.He was asked to coach the Indian team but he selected U19 team, with an explanation that he wants to make the roots of Indian cricket strong and what better than making the upcoming stars strong for the international cricket arena. He is just an unselfish man who wants to be accociated with the game in the most gentlemanly manner. The result is off course visible with the win of Indian U19 cricket team in World cup 2018, New Zealand.Even when he was asked about his retirement, he spoke simply and me quoting his words,It was tough to leave "the life I have lived for 16 years and, before that, five years of first class cricket. It [cricket] is all I have known all my grown life … it wasn't a difficult decision for me because I just knew in my heart that the time was right, and I was very happy and comfortable in what I had achieved and what I had done. You just know deep down that it is time to move on and let the next generation take over."I don't know how a legend, so simply left the game he passionately loved for his lifetime. But I felt a lot of emotions that he would have actually been through before saying these simple lines. Every true fan of the game just wanted to see him play one more time at the position of number 3, that he made his own when the time was really hard for Indian cricket. The man who constantly changed his game according to requirements, from his stable defence play of tests to his witty sudden surprisingly dashing play of T20's, till his Midas touch while he coached the national squad. He did quit the cricketing World on his own terms like Bhishma did the war of Mahabharata but will always remain the most respected one in his arena.A true legend and gentleman of the game Cricket.Content by virtue of : ESPNcricinfo - Cricket Teams, Scores, Stats, News, Fixtures, Results, TablesAn unlikely star of the 50-over format2003 Cricket World Cup statistics - WikipediaPic Source : Google Images	Rahul Dravid sir	
Which yagna was performed by Pandavas after a victory in the Mahabharata	After the Kurukshetra war, Yudhishtir became the Samrat of Hastinapur.. But there were still some kingdoms or lands, which didn't participate in the Kurukshetra war, who were independent & opposing Pandavas..So Krishna adviced Yudhishtir to perform the Ashwamedh Yagna in order to make the entire Aryavarth as one..Guided by Krishna, gold mines were found at Himavat, near Mount Meru, in order to get the required resources for conducting the Yagna..The royal horse was released from Hastinapur and a huge army followed the horse, with Arjun as the Commander.. Many regions were either defeated or allied during the year long Ashwamedh Yagna..While in Manipur, Arjun was accidentally killed by his own son Babruvahan(from wife Chitrangada) but was later revived by the Nag-mani provided by one his other wife, Ulupi…	
When will we see another Bhishma Pitamah in India	Oh dear! I most certainly hope NOT. No, We don’t want another Bhishma.Prince Devavrata, the son of King Shantanu and the heir apparent to the throne of Mahabharata was one of the best Kurus to be born, perhaps in knowledge and valour second to none other than King Bharata. In an act of supreme sacrifice, he gave up his claims to the throne and pledged/vowed never to marry or beget children so that even his children could not claim the right. This he did so that his father could marry a girl whose father was anxious to safeguard his daughter’s future interests. For his terrible vow, Prince Devavrata was henceforth known as Bhishma.But Bhishma’s terrible vows indirectly led to the destruction of the Kuru clan.The Mahabharata is too detailed to be narrated here. But consider this:Had Bhishma never taken the oath, he would have become perhaps the greatest king ever known.Even if he had gone back on his word, on the insistence of his step-mother Satyavati (for whose sake he had taken the vows) and married his brothers’ widows, he would have produced heirs.The heirs would have amicably lived. There would have been no blind prince, no sickly prince, etc.There would be have no Kauravas or Pandavas.There would have been no hatred, struggle for power, etc.The great battle of Kurukshetra would have never been fought and the Kuru clan (plus a lot of other clans) would not have been destroyed.So, in short, we need a Vidura today and not a Bhishma. And I hope to see a Vidura born in India instead of Bhishma.	Any one who does selfless service for the India is comparable to Bhishma Pitamah in the current yuga. I feel the person is already there in front of us. Just think a bit to decipher the name.	
What is your comment on the idea of heroism in Mahabharata Indian literature	The question itself anticipates the thrust of my answer, since perhaps the clearest idea of heroism in ancient Indian annals can be elicited from a thorough study of the Mahabharata which says a lot about the War Ethics of the Kshatriya warriors of that heroic age. I have discussed the issue at some length in a work of mine (cited in the end reference). Here is a rundown of it.MAHABHARATA’S IDEAL OF HEROISM CODIFIED INTO KSHATRIYA WAR ETHICSIt is in the matter of war ethics that the Kurukshetra battle stands out by virtue of its civilised norms. The rules for the conduct of war, mutually agreed upon by the opposing sides, are described at some length in the very first chapter of the Bhishma-parva, and are no less chivalrous than the modern international protocols laid down in The Hague and Geneva Conventions of 1907 and 1949 respectively. After sunset, there was to be a break in hostilities (but there were occasions when engagements spilled into the night). One who resorted to a war of words (to galvanise oneself or intimidate the opponent), was to be countered with words – weapons were to be used only with due notice. An unready or otherwise overwhelmed opponent was not to be struck. Nor was harm to be directed at one who was unarmed, bereft of his carrier, seeking mercy, or without protective armour. Soldiers leaving their formation were not to be killed. Fighting was to be between equals – charioteers with charioteers; cavalry with cavalry; elephant-riders with elephant-riders; and infantry with infantry. Under no circumstances were non-combatant helpers to be attacked. Engagements were to be on the battlefield only, at agreed hours. This rule was, however, breached by Asvatthama in the Sauptika-parva. There were other interesting facets to the war. The main protagonists had chariots with four horses. The flag-staff rose from within the chariot; when injured, the warrior would hold onto it for support. Famous chariot-warriors were surrounded by guards, and had vehicles laden with shafts and other missiles.Leading Brahmanas, such as Drona and Krpa, were revered for their mastery of the art of war, which was regarded as a major discipline of study. But Drona’s action in destroying thousands of ordinary soldiers with his ‘celestial’ weapon was denounced by sages as contrary to righteous war, and Bheema chastised him for grossly violating his Brahminical dharma. In fact, from the Drona-parva onwards, there was a definite degeneration in the ethics of war by both armies, seemingly symptomatic of the imminence of the amoral Kali epoch.THE CONCEPT OF ‘RIGHTEOUS WAR’The Mahabharata offers one of the earliest expositions in organised human thoughts on the concept of ‘righteous’ or ‘just’ war, laying down many standards that would engage the world’s attention in the ages to follow. The early Greeks and Romans did occasionally discuss war ethics, but neither behaved in any exemplary fashion in the actual business of war. Cicero, for example, contended that war could not be justified other than in self-defence, redemption of honour, or vengeance. His words, however, did not sway the Roman war machine, with its overweening urge for new conquests.In the 4th century, St. Augustine pioneered the setting out of the Christian tradition on war ethics, which was later expanded and developed by St Thomas Aquinas and others. Augustine’s thoughts carry echoes of what Krshna stood for. He held that war was always the result of sin, but that it could also remedy sin, in which case (only), it could be justified. There are always two strands in considering the criteria of a just war, viz.: (i) it should be waged for a just cause; and (ii) it should be conducted in a just manner. The latter issue again leads to its own questions of ethics: (i) whom it is ethical to fight, (ii) how much force it is ethical to use, and (iii) which weapons can or cannot be used?The Mahabharata’s code of war compares quite favourably with modern Western codes. Some remarkable features of the agreement on battle ethics reached by the two sides on the eve of the war have already been discussed in the Introduction to this book. Again, in the twelfth book of the epic (Shaanti-parva, Chapter 98), we come across shining illustrations of the Kshatriya war ethics in the words with which Bheeshma answers Yudhishthira’s question as to how warfare, even when waged between Kshatriyas, can be justified. The grand patriarch says that a peaceful settlement is always preferable to causing injury. But when inflicting injury becomes inevitable between worthy opponents, it must be moderated by certain norms. In the first place, there are the norms of proportionality: chariots should not attack cavalry, and one should not assail another in distress. Then, on the issue of just means: there should be no use of poisoned or barbed arrows. The third guideline is on just attitude: one should not be enraged toward an enemy who is not trying to kill him. The last set of norms, perhaps the most humane of all, is regarding just treatment: a wounded opponent should not be attacked, nor one whose sword is broken, or whose bow-string is cut, nor one whose horse or vehicle is destroyed. Among captives, the wounded should be given medical treatment or sent to their own homes; and the ones not wounded should be released.KARNA AS AN EXEMPLAR OF KSHATRIYA HEROISMKarna, during his fierce final battle with Arjuna, is suddenly gifted with an unexpected opportunity to checkmate Arjuna when, unbidden by him, the revengeful Naga Asvasena (Takshaka’s son, who had escaped Arjuna’s massacre at Khandava), enters his quiver as a deadly shaft. Quite unwittingly, Karna takes out that shaft, but is advised by Salya (his charioteer, acting as the Pandavas’ agent provocateur), not to use it, as supposedly it would not be capable of decapitating Arjuna. Karna refuses to do Salya’s bidding, citing his Kshatriya resolve not to hesitate after aiming an arrow. The awesome missile takes off from Karna’s bow with a loud bang, and shoots through the sky, burning an incandescent course, with Arjuna’s head as its sure quarry. That would have been the end of Arjuna, but for the quick response by Krshna, who with his feet presses the chariot a spread-palm’s length (kishkumaatram) into the ground. The four horses kneel, and the infallible serpent-arrow scorches through Arjuna’s golden diadem, which falls to the ground.Thwarted, Ashvasena again seeks to enter Karna’s quiver, telling him: ‘I could not get Arjuna’s head because you shot me unknowingly; now release me again after taking aim, and that shall be the end of our mutual enemy.’ But Karna, of righteous valour, refuses, saying:O serpent, I do not desire victory with the might of others, and shall not use that arrow twice even if it could kill a hundred Arjunas; please, therefore, leave my quiver without taking offence. [~ Karna; 90.47-48]Reference: Marvels and Mysteries of the Mahabharata: Probing the Folds of India’s Epochal Tragedy, by Abhijit Basu, Platinum Press, pp. 8–9; 127–129, 215–217.	The concept of heroism in ancient Indian texts is completely different than the concept of classic or Greek heroism. Greek heroes like Theseus, Hercules etc. Were pretty strong, slayed many monsters blah blah but they weren't really amazing as people.Mahabharata is an epic about the human condition. Even the man who is now considered God, Krishna, behaves like a human in the epic. There are many instances when he shows anger, love, desire, attachment etc. Coming to the question, in Mahabharata there are no clear heroes and villians. Though people seem to believe that the Mahabharata casts the Pandavas as heroes and Kauravas as villians, a careful reading of any authentic translation of the text will tell you that this isn't true. The Pandavas are quite capable of doing deeds that may be considered villianous (They deliberately set six people to burn to get their enemies off their backs), while the Kauravas are capable of doing heroic things (when Duryodhana the eldest Kaurava dies, the God's shower flowers on him. Would a villian get such treatment?) Though of course, the Pandavas commit such acts very rarely and significantly less than the Kauravas. Of course there are adventures, monster slaying etc. Arjuna, the most prominent Pandava, is as close as you can get to Greek heroism in this epic. But even he experiences moments of doubt, pain, loss etc. Then there's Bheema too who slays rakshasas .i.e. monsters. But their heroism does not make them any less human. At the core of Mahabharata is Dharma. The epic constantly puts the question of what is Dharma. Almost every conventional definition of Dharma is challenged within the epic itself. And no, Mahabharata isn't Dharma vs. Adharma. It is one Dharma vs. another Dharma.So in conclusion, there are no heroes and villians in Mahabharata, only human beings that show various spectrum of emotions like Greed, envy, desire, love, anger, ambition, vengefulness, bitterness, helplessness, selflessness, etc.	Mahabharat is about Heroes and they exist in different forms and with different ideals. I strongly contest this ridiculous ‘All were grey and there were no heroes’ notion.Heroes are not some products manufactured flawlessly in some factory in China and then outsourced to various countries with brand name of Apple to gain validity. They are also not flawless, matchless guys killing thousands of goons and dancing with ladies at the drop of a hat. They are not Greek Gods, they are not like actor Govinda, they are not like Pawan Kalyan. They are of different molds and different value systems.Again, people are obsessed with this ‘All were grey’ theme. You know why? Because it is cool and intellectual. No, all are not grey. Some are white shirts with black spots and some are black stones with minor shades of blue, white, cream. Pandavas might not be White but they are not grey either. They are like cream-white shirts stained with black spots, dirt etc but we cannot change white to grey and black to grey and then make them appear of same color. It is gross injustice to do that just to sound highly intellectual and wise. I am better off as a traditional fool.Mahabharat has heroes whether they were right or wrongKunti is a heroYes, mother of five orphans surviving the system taking down attacks, be it assassination of their physical form or her character for having five kids from niyog. A mother seeing her own kids fighting and trying to ensure their survival. Often she is criticized by armchair intellectuals as a bad mother, as they judge her only as “mother of Karna” and wish to overlook that she was mother of Pandavas as well (two of whom were not even her own children). It takes extraordinary mettle to raise kids in such environment, make them mighty heroes and bear suffering which she did.Vidur is a heroHeroes need not raise a sword or utter loud dialogues of greatness like Karna or Bhishma. He could be someone silently working for betterment of his kingdom, saving Pandavas right under nose of Kauravas, outsmarting highly overrated Shakuni and still not letting anyone know. He is a hero to speak for Draupadi and not choose any side like other spineless warriors. He is a hero to always side with truth and his life is itself shining example of how honest bureaucracy can survive corrupt politics without losing its glory.Vikarna is a heroHeroes need not be the mightiest warrior or to be on right side. They need not have thousand books written in their name. They could be silent and almost forgetten characters. It is not your lifetime hard work but even one moment of heroism which could turn you into a hero . That man had that moment when he dared to speak against his own brothers in a dice hall where so called greats like Bhishma, Drona and so called DharamRaj Yudhisthir had lost his voice. Vikarna did not change his side , he did fight for what he thought was right. He was a hero to raise his voice for a woman even at the cost of losing his own family. His heroism was which made Bhima cry for him when he killed him.Draupadi is a heroHeroes are not those who fight in the battlefield only but those who inspire them and their entire life is itself a battlefield. Draupadi suffered humilation, pain, exile and what not but never left side of her husbands and, forgave them. She stood by them, accompanied them in hard times and strengthened their resolve for justice. It was not Revenge but Justice. Same Draupadi forgave Ashwathama even for murder of her sons when they were asleep.Arjuna is a Hero and idea of true heroismA hero is one who fights a battle relentlessly but stops for a while to question its validity. if that question is not there there are chances that all such fights might turn out to be futile wars by misguided people. We see Movies where CIA assassin question their operatives. A soldier needs to question his expedition at some point of his life. There needs to be questions to make sure that we don’t lose our path. Arjuna questions and result is Krishna giving him Gita Gyan. He is a hero who establishes Kingdom out of barren land with his brothers against all odds.He is a hero who satisfies his teachers by fulfilling their goals like Drona dream of defeating Drupad or Indra dream of defeating Nivatkavach demons.A hero is there to save those who rely on him and Arjuna goes to protect cows of Brahmin even at risk of going on exile by breaking the rule.A hero transforms life of others and restores glory of the lost places. He does it by saving those celestial crocodiles from curse and in process restoring glory of a dejected pilgrimage.A hero comes out to protect the weak and give them hope. Arjuna came out at Virat to stop running Uttar and protected Virat kingdom which gave them refuge by facing an army of best warriors in the nation alone.A hero knows to place Dharma above his own glory and Arjuna does it everytime when asked and when situated demanded. you might accuse him of shikandi or killing karna. It is endless debate which has been discussed earlier. But here the thing is he fought for his side and even at cost of censure led them to victory.On 14th day even his eyes are set on killing Jayadrath that doesn’t stops him from returning back to save Satyaki from Bhurishrava. He breaks a code and disarms Bhurishrava who was also his friend. Satyaki had came for him in a battle without any self interest. Had risked his family and soldiers and was fighting relentlessly for Arjuna and his friendship. Saving him was much more important than killing Jayadrath or some code which was already broken at death of abhimanyu.Mahabaharat has examples of Sacrifices by youth and their valor is idea of heroismAbhimanyu marching ahead of his elders to a sure shot burial ground and fighting with best of his ability with pride embarrassing the greats. Iravan coming for his father in a conflict he could have avoided and sacrificing himself. Ghatotkach heroics in battlefield when he was no where going to be in the main stream.Same applies to the other side where many joined just because of past loyalties and their parents were fighting.Now, if your idea of heroism is limited to Kshtriya warfare and how they acted in battlefield and had rules, regulations then dump them. No one followed rules as such. The great Bhishma who is supposed to be giving knowledge on rules wasn’t able to follow them himself.Some of the grand rules like not attacking a chariotless warrior were broken under him also. Like Bhima fought half a day against kalinga forces on foot. He showed exemplary bravery in fighting a fleet of elephants and slaying Banuman with a sword by climbing on his elephant using his tusks.Group attacks were common and both parties regularly killed charioteers as a ploy to slow other warrior down. So , this chariotless, weaponless is only mentioned in context with certain character not for all other hopeless souls who were struggling under similar situations.Yes, but still at times they had these high values and ideals but they were occasional in nature.What mattered was how they were contributing to victory of their sides. If you want some of the impressive war moments which fulfills idea of Filmy or kshtriya heroism then some of my picks are:1.)Yudhisthir coming out to Face Drona even having no hope to defeat him and somehow managing to annoy him by baffling all his weapons. Drona was really irritated. Soldiers need some examples of leadership to see that they are not fighting for some protected coward.2.)Dushshana surprises us when he manages to protect Bhishma on 10 day from lots of warriors before finally falling to Arjuna.3.)Gatotkach feat of catching Bhagdutt shakti and then rising against him.4.)Arjuna showed respect towards friend of his father although an enemy by honoring his dead body in the field.5.)Ashwathama returning to boost morale of kauravas forces when everybody ran away. He then catches shakti of gatoktach and fights him.6.)Dristhdyumna and Drona encounter where Dristhdyumna having lost all his weapons jumps with just a sword and shield on Drona chariot and faces volley of arrows in a difficult scenario. Soldiers need a general who is that daring to face a figure like Drona even when he was covered with blood and had lost his chariot. He might have killed Drona in other state later but had shown guts at occasions.7.)Satyaki showed his valor and dedication to team play. Kshtriya honor and pride was his strength which let him match Drona and ashwthama combined, karna with several warriors and other great feats.8.)Karna leaving four Pandavas for promise given to his mother.9.) Bhima and Satyaki leaving Karna for oath of Arjuna.10.) So many warriors sparing Duryodhana again and again keeping Bhima’s oath in mind.Honoring oath of a warrior from their side and thus leaving the enemy was big risk which all these warriors were taking just for kshtirya honor and some unwritten code of conduct.11.) Bhishma not willing to fight Shikandi might be sexist but it was his value system.12.) Bhurishrava also has his epic moment. Be it effect of boon but still he gets his ultimate moment when he beats and kicks Satyaki. Satyaki had literally destroyed Kauravas smashing Karna,Dushsana, Drona, Ashwathama and made Dhritrashtra wonder whether there was anyone who could ever stop him. Then comes this man who fights an exhausted Satyaki and makes him roll on ground. People say he was able to do that to Satyaki and give him his only defeat because of boon. I differ on this one. Mahabharat is all about boons. If his grandfather had a boon, he deserved it. Bhurishrava became a hero in that moment. He was then disarmed by Arjuna and slayed by Satyaki in fit of rage. What was good about Bhurishrava was accepting his mistake. That is also mark of some heroism. He was involved in killing Abhimanyu and when Arjuna points it out he realizes his mistake. He then starts meditating. A man of honor can commit mistakes for his team and under bad influence but will ultimately understand and repent for it.Kshatriya honor depicted in Last Parva by Yudhisthir and DuryodhanaAlthough this section is more infamous for Bhima breaking thighs of Duryodhana or Duryodhana cunning act of trying to hit his head, But still It shows how People had pride in their ways. This is the point where Duryodhana had lost and both sides have resorted to tricks too. They have suffered heavy losses and victory is certainly of Yudhisthir. He challenges Duryodhana to come out of pond and he accepts. Yudhisthir could have easily captured or get him executed now as Duryodhana was no more in battlefield and had fled the battle. He was just an ordinary prisoner for them. But Yudhisthir stills follow code and gives him final chance to pick his opponent and his weapon of choice. Krishna calls this spirit a gamble though.Duryodhana surprisingly shows some manliness and picks Bhima as his opponent. He could have been timid and chosen Nakul or Sahdeva or even Yudhishthir in mace fight to increase his chances of winning but doesn’t do that. He has immense hatred for Bhima and wants to now go down either by killing him or die fighting him. With all due respect it was his moment.Both Yudhishtir and Duryodhana could have chosen the easy way but the Old Kshatriya honor and their mindset lead them to choices which otherwise seem stupid.	There is no concept of heroism in Mahabharat or any traditional Indian story or thought..Hero is a Greek idea where an ordinary person does extraordinary things (good things) in his life which will ensure that the person will go to ‘Elesium'.. Paradise of the heroes..So you will find most of Greek stories to be alone adventures of men, who defeat monsters, love women & try to achieve as much as they can in their one life..But Indian stories and especially Mahabharat is based on the concept of 'God & characters’.. Here there are no good characters (heroes) or bad characters (villains).. So you will find that no character is perfect, which we now call as ‘grey characters'..Each & every character in Mahabharat had done something good & something bad(except Krishna) and all are getting the consequences of their actions (Karma), while Krishna (i.e. God) is the puppeteer of the entire show…	Unlike Ramayana, Mahabharata is not a standard “good vs evil” story. It’s the story of the events leading to a war within a particular family. Here, neither the Pandavas nor the Kauravas were 100% good or bad. They were mixed bags. But the difference is “Dharma”. Duryodhana has some admirable qualities but his flaws are bigger. The Pandavas each have their flaws but their merits stand out because they’re more capable of compromise and forgiveness. It’s more introspective than Ramayana. It shows that the winners in life are not often the ones with talent but the ones with qualities that are acceptable to society.	
What are the other names of Gandhari	Subali, Subalija, Subalaputri - all meaning Subal's daughter. Subala was the king of Gandhara and Gandhari was his daughter. Gandhari means daughter of king of Gandhara. It is Just like Panchala King's daughter being called Panchali.	
If sanjeevani booti is used in Ramanyana why was it not used in the Mahabharata	Sanjeevni Booti was a very rare concoction, made from a special herb.It was such a supremely guarded secret that nobody in Ram's army knew about it, including Hanuman who was had gained his education from the Sun God himself.It can also be said that very few people if any, knew about the herb on Raavan's side, since nobody tried using it to bring back their warriors, though an argument could be made that bringing it back from the Himalayas, during the war was pretty much impossible, when Ram laid siege to the city.So my view is that, the knowledge of the actual sanjeevni booti was lost by the time of Mahabharata (which is an entirely new yuga).Also, while people knew that you could use the Sanjeevni booti:Could you bring it in time from the mountain in South India?Do you even know which herb it is, and if you made a mistake, you could poison the person instead of healing them.Note that Nakul and Sahadev were the sons of the Ashwini Kumaras (Divine healers) and even they haven't been mentioned using the, or even suggesting the use of the Sanjeevni booti on anyone. (including but not limited to Pitamah Bheeshma)	If any mistake is their please neglect it and I am sorry for that.As Ramayana story took place around 7,200 BC and Mahabharata at around 5,500 bc and between this two epics there is a gap of 1700 years and during this time period the sanjeevni buti may be extincted.It may also due to lord hanuman has brought up whole mountain of sanjeevni buti which is also single place where sanjeevni buti can be found and it is totally used up during Ramayana.	
Why was Arjuna so arrogant about Lord Ramin in front of Lord Hanuman	I want to make is clear that this story of Arjuna challenging Hanuman in disguise and making a bridge of arrows is not in any authentic edition of Mahabharat. It is certainly not in BORI CE which is critical edition of Mahabharat. Some of those who claim it to be in Gita press should give verse number if they believe it to be .This incident is nowhere mentioned in Mahabharat. Moreover other events of Mahabharat are opposite to this incident. Hanuman only meets Bhima in the epic and blesses him. Even in the end when Arjuna chariot blasts there is no meeting of Arjuna with Hanuman. The ape simply vanishes. Krishna even doesn’t name Hanuman and just says that he (krishna) was protecting the chariot.So, absolutely no meeting whatsoever of Arjuna and Hanuman ji in the epic. only Bhima tried to lift his tail and failed in Vana Parva.This story is just a folktale and an attempt to attack Arjuna as usual. The Arjuna of epic is very humble and always credits krishna and shiva for his victories. He praises his teachers and even his opponents if worthy.	
What was the reaction of Karna s wife after knowing that he is Kunti s son	Thanks for the question.It should be wives..not wife.Mahabharata The Epic Just described how Karna’s wives are crying over his body ..through Gandhari’s words.In Stri Parva Gandhari addressed Krishna thus.ExcerptBehold, the wife of Karna and mother of Vrishasena, is indulging in piteous lamentations and crying and weeping and falling upon the ground! Even now she exclaims, "Without doubt, thy preceptor’s curse hath pursued thee! When the wheel of thy car was swallowed up by the Earth, the cruel Dhananjaya cut off thy head with an arrow! Alas, fie (on the heroism and skill)!" That lady, the mother of Sushena, exceedingly afflicted and uttering cries of woe, is falling down, deprived of her senses, at the sight of the mighty-armed and brave Karna prostrated on the earth, with his waist still encircled with a belt of gold. Carnivorous creatures, feeding on the body of that illustrious hero, have reduced it to very small dimensions. The sight is not gladdening, like that of the moon on the fourteenth night of the dark fortnight. Falling down on the earth, the cheerless dame is rising up again. Burning with grief on account of the death of her son also, she cometh and smelleth the face of her lord!’"Points to be notedVeda Vyasa did not mention Karna’s wives by names anywhere.Here he referred to them as Vrishasena’s mother and Sushena’s mother.ReactionsVyasa did not say anything about their reaction on hearing about his identity as Kunti’sson.He Described only their lament on seeing his body..Vrishasena’s mother says Karna ‘s chariot wheel must have sunk due to the brahmin’s Curse. She accuses Dhananjaya as cruel for cutting his head and killing him..Sushena’s mother cries bitterly and becomes unconscious, falls down but rises up again .Feeling bad for her son also she smells Karna’s face with grief.HenceThe Epic described this much about Karna’s wives after his death.Possibly they know at this moment only because Yudhishtir does the last rites along with them.The Excerpt says thustata AnAyayAmAsa karNasya saparichChadam |striyaH kurupatirdhImAnbhrAtuH premNA yudhiShThiraH || 23||sa tAbhiH saha dharmAtmA pretakRRityamanantaram |kRRitvottatAra ga~NgAyAH salilAdAkulendriyaH || 24||Copiously indulging in lamentations like these, king Yudhishthira the just uttered loud wails of woe. The puissant monarch then offered oblations of water unto his deceased elder brother. Then all the ladies that crowded the shores of the river suddenly sent up a loud wail of grief. The intelligent king of the Kurus, Yudhishthira, caused the wives and members of Karna’s family to be brought before him. Of righteous soul, he performed, with them, the water-rite in honour of his eldest brother. Having finished the ceremony, the king with his senses exceedingly agitated, rose from the waters of Ganga."After blaming Kunti,Yudhishtir cried aloud. Then he offered water to his elder brother.Then he called the wives and family members of Karna and with them performed water rites for his brother.The ladies assembled there cried since they must have known the truth at that moment. Other than this we don’t see any further information regarding Karna’s wives and their response.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Stri Parva,Jala pradanika Parva ch 27Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Stri Parva. Section 21’27.	
Why did Abhiras or Aheers fought with Kauravas rather than Pandavas in Mahabharata war	More people have fought on Kauravas side than on Pandavas side. The ratio of their army strength is nearly 2:1 (11 Akshauhinis of Kauravas Army Vs 7 that of Pandavas). We can assume more people had some kind of loyalty or obligation to support the Kauravas that time. Also, we can assume more people supported Duryodhana as the next king of Hastinapur.But there is one who thought the Pandavas were right in their claim, the God. When even his own kin were fighting from the opposite side, Lord Krishna stood on the side of Pandavas and ensured they win. “Yato dharmastato jayah” (Victory is there where Dharma is).	Because Krishna gave his army to duryudhna	
What could be the qualities that could redeem the character of Bheeshma in The Mahabharata	Bhishma was very obedient & dutiful as a son.. He was extremely brave, courageous & strong in terms of battle abilities.. He had the best intentions in mind while he made the ‘Bhishma Pratigya' i.e. happiness of his father nd protection & prosperity of Hastinapur..But where he flawed was his inability to accept change.. Bhishma never submitted to change at any party of the story.. He held his vow and kept seeing all the injustices & tricks happening in Hastinapur even though he was very capable of stopping them..There's an awesome conversation between Bhishma & Vidur in the BR Chopra Mahabharat where Vidur tells Bhishma that the view that he can see from outside the boundary of Bhishma's vow is very different from the view that Bhishma sees from inside the boundary of his vow.. Vidur understands Bhishma's tug-of-war but History will question him about the many decisions that he took in his life..So in short, the inability to accept change even though knowing that it is the right way, is the great tragedy of Bhishma…	The most important character revealed by Bheeshma is that of sacrifice.For his father and step mother he sacrificed the throne of Hastinapur and also vowed be celibate his entire life	
What happened to Gandiva bow after Arjunas death while trying to ascend heaven	Arjuna’s Gandiva was taken back by Agnidev when Pandavas were on their way to Himalayas,(Mahaprasthan)It happened thus.ExcerptProceeding on, those heroes reached the sea of red waters. Dhananjaya had not cast off his celestial bow Gandiva, nor his couple of inexhaustible quivers, actuated, O king, by the cupidity that attaches one to things of great value. The Pandavas there beheld the deity of fire standing before them like a hill. Closing their way, the god stood there in his embodied form. The deity of seven flames then addressed the Pandavas, saying, ‘Ye heroic sons of Pandu, know me for the deity of fire. O mighty-armed Yudhishthira, O Bhimasena that art a scorcher of foes, O Arjuna, and ye twins of great courage, listen to what I say! Ye foremost ones of Kuru’s race, I am the god of fire. The forest of Khandava was burnt by me, through the puissance of Arjuna and of Narayana himself. Let your brother Phalguna proceed to the woods after casting off Gandiva, that high weapon. He has no longer any need of it. That precious discus, which was with the high-souled Krishna, has disappeared (from the world). When the time again comes, it will come back into his hands. This foremost of bows, Gandiva, was procured by me from Varuna for the use of Partha. Let it be made over to Varuna himself.’When Pandavas reached Red Sea,Agnideva appeared in form and saidI burnt the Khandava forest due to the might of Arjuna and Narayana himself.Now Arjuna has to give back the Gandiva before proceeding on the final journeyKrishna’s discus also disappeared..I got this Gandiva from Varuna for the sake of Arjuna.It should be returned to Varuna now.varuNAdAhRRitaM pUrvaM mayaitatpArthakAraNAt |gANDIvaM kArmukashreShThaM varuNAyaiva dIyatAm || 39||tataste bhrAtaraH sarve dhana~njayamachodayan |sa jale prAkShipattattu tathAkShayyau maheShudhI || 40||"At this, all the brothers urged Dhananjaya to do what the deity said. He then threw into the waters (of the sea) both the bow and the couple of inexhaustible quivers.Arjuna was urged by his brothers to follow Agnidev’s words. Hence he threw his Gandiva and quivers into water .Thus Gandiva reached Varuna Before Arjun reached his destination.Bori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Mahaprasthana Parva Section 1.Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Of Mahabharata.Maha Prasthana Parva Section 1	
Who is the first one to have sex with Draupadi	
Who is Duryodhanas sister	Duhshala was the only daughter of Dhritarashtra and Gandhari.She was the only sister of the Kauravas.She was married to the King of Sindhu, Jayadratha and had a son named Suratha.Abduction of Draupadi~Jayadratha had once tried to insult Draupadi by abducting her but was miserably caught by the Pandavas.However, thinking of Duhshala's misfortune, Draupadi requested them not to kill him.Instead, the Pandavas shaved his head and an infuriated Jayadratha vowed to take revenge on Arjuna.Jayadratha did severe penance and received a number of boons from Lord Shiva to wield them against Arjuna.Death of Jayadratha, her spouse~In the war of Kurukshetra, Arjuna received the news of Abhimanyu's death and vowed to kill Jayadratha.It was almost evident that Arjuna would be unable to kill him before sunset. Shree Krishna created an illusion of sunset with his Sudarshana Chakra and Jayadratha, believing in his victory, hid behind Duryodhana.As the illusive eclipse subsided, Arjuna beheaded Jayadratha with his arrow.Jayadratha - Wikipedia.Death of her son-Suratha~Duhshala's son Suratha later on died in fright on hearing the news of the Ashwamedha Yajna by the victorious Pandavas.Duhshyala's grandson was made the king of Sindhu by Arjuna.Who is Duryodhana's sister?Good luck:-)	Duryodhan sister name was Dushala …she was the youngest child of king dhritarashtra and Queen Gandhari ….She was married to Sindhu Raj Jaydrath for political alliance..She was the dearer of both pandavas and kauravas.	
Was it unethical on the part of Drona and Ashwatthama to go against the rules of their caste by participating in a full scale war and slaughtering	Caste was flexible in ancient times. Vishwamitra who was a king became a Brahmarishi. Parashurama who was a priest became a warrior to eliminate evil.Also, when there is no source of livelihood, one can do the jobs of other castes. Drona cannot be blamed. He was suffering from acute poverty. On his wife’s advice, he went to his childhood friend and king Drupada. But he was only humiliated. He also made a promise to take revenge.He heard that Parasurama was distributing wealth and lands to Brahmins and he went to him in hopes of getting something. But by the time he reached him, Parashurama already gave away everything he had. So he offered to teach him the use of divine weapons and Drona learned it.He went looking for a job in Hastinapura and by accident found some children trying to get a ball out from a well. He fired arrows in such a way that they became like a string. Using that he pulled the ball out. The children were actually kauravas and pandavas. Bhishma, who came to know about this feat of archery, offered him a job as a teacher to them.As he was a teacher of weapons, and as he was under the patronage of the Kuru leaders, it was his duty to serve them in war and so he did.	There is no prohibition on brahmins for participating in war. Basically they are assigned teaching including warfare.Lord Parasuram is a brahmin who washed war against kings when kings turned tyrant.King Ravana was a brahmin.This concept that brahmins should not participate in war came post british entry. If you read local histories, particularly from South of kalinga (odisa) many brahmins as kings, ministers, army chiefs participated in wars.	Hi,Thanks for A2A.According to me, they stood right in participating in the war.Dronacharya was the guru of the KURU princes(both the pandavas and the kauravas) and he was a member in the royal court of Hasthinapura. Since he was a royal associate in the Kuru court, he battled on the sides of the Kauravas.But he never got deviated from the principle practices of a Brahmin.As in the case of Ashwaththama, he was a close ally of Duryodhan. So it is well accomplished that he participated in the war on the regards as a friend. He ruthlessly killed the sons of Pandavas to avenge the tricked death of his father.So, both of them were duty-bound to indulge in the act of killing and they hadn't wished it. The circumstances demanded their participation in the war as was in the case of Lord Parashuram!I have written what I know…With regards,Shrinath :)	
How many people believe that according to the Mahabharata women do not secrets because the curse of Yudhistira	I believe so. Yudhishthir after knowing the truth that Karna was his elder brother and Arjun killed him. He get angry on her mother Kunti because she did not tell him about all of this. In anger Yudhishthir curse all womenkind that they do not secrets.For better understanding you can watch this videoHope you will understand well!	
When Duryodhana didnt win a single battle why was he treated as a powerful and a great warrior	More than Duryodhana being a powerful and a great warrior, what we know is he was a great mace fighter. He could not be definitely defeated in a one to one mace fight based on his skills. And thus it just was a fact that the only way Bhima could kill Duryodhana was breaking his thighs.But one to one mace fighting is not everything when it comes to forcing a win in battle field. In the Kurukshetra war, the war could be ended only when Duryodhana died. But that was not the case with the previous fights. In the previous battles in which he fought with the support of his army, he definitely didn’t have the skill of forcing a win. Even in the Kurukshetra battle, he was not able to force win. All he could boast is himself and some of the warriors were slain by unfair means.We all know that Arjuna forced win in Virata war using Sammohanastra and with that Arjuna achieved his purpose. Why couldn’t Duryodhana or Karna have any counter strategy to stop the challenge from Arjuna? That is where Arjuna excelled. Same was the case of the battle against the Gandharvas and also in the first ever battle he had against Drupada. Duryodhana could do nothing when his army was demoralized by the counter attacks from Drupada and had to accept defeat. One to one mace fight was not going to force anything in that case.	
Why did Bheema kill all the sons of Dhritarashtra when only Duryodhana and Dushasana had wronged the Pandavas	Bheema ultimately did fulfill the vow he made the day the Pandavas were exiled but largely because Duryodhana’s brothers fought and died for him. It’s not like Bheema could ask any of the Kauravas to step aside politely and allow him to fight with Duryodhana. There’s also peril in letting Duryodhana and Duhshasana’s brothers live: if any of them or their descendants strive for revenge against the Pandavas, it will be a never ending cycle of war. While the Kauravas were wiped out, Kurukshetra was extremely costly for the Pandavas too. They lost all their sons in battle. Draupadi lost her father and brother too. Their only heir ended up being a grandson of Arjuna and the actions of the Yadavas during the war later triggered a civil war that destroyed Dwaraka. So the Pandavas didn’t exactly get out smelling like roses either. So there WAS some quid pro quo for all the killing and cheating they had to do.	Because it was a war; the bottom line of war is that ‘you have to kill the enemy; not because you want to kill them, because if you don’t, you will get killed’!Because those other sons of Dhritarashtra stood with and stood behind their elder brothers, Duryodhana and Dusshasana, in all their adharmic works right from their childhood until their last breath.Why didn’t they oppose Duryodhana and Dusshasana if they did not have any intention of wronging the Pandavas? Why did they come to war with the Pandavas? At least, why didn’t they remain neutral like Vidura?Those who commit, help, abet and endorse a crime or remain silent witnesses to it are all partners in crime.	
Was Arjuna interested more in archery than any other warfare equipment or was it because he knew archery was something that will make you stand tall against enemies more than any other weapons	Well, I think its about aptitude. He had born talent in archery. You can even say that he was born for archery. Though he learned every other weapon but he was more drawn to archery.When Knti told Pandu about her ability to aquire sons from gods, Pandu made her request specific gods that he wanted his son to be. In Arjunas case it was Indra. Pandu,wanted his son to be skilled archer or worrier like Indra is. So Arjunas “godfather” is Indra.	The last line of your questions is ur answer btw..The Gurukul system of Ancient Indian teach everything to kids in preliminary, They teach to have knowledge or say Good knowledge in everything. after notice their response n interest the field of their choice were decided. Not only Arjuna but all (Pandavs n Kaurav's) knew all weapons but they make expertise as per their interest Yudhister (politics n religion) Arjun (archery) Bhim (Ghadda) Nakul (Medicine n swords) Sehdev (astrology).	Arjuna was interested more in archery because he was ‘light in build’. Arjuna was physically strong, but not as strong as Bheema and thus, the bow and the arrow were more suited for him.	
How was Arjuna a family man	Arjun did most efforts and sacrifices in his life for his family. Pandu wanted a son who will uphold the honour and glory of the family by his valour, so he and Kunti did penance for one year to please Indra to give them a son equal to Indra. As soon as Arjun was born, gods prophecied his qualities and everyone expected him to achieve impossible feats for the family all his life. Arjun dedicated himself to become the best warrior and obtain the powerful weapons so that Yudhishthir gains his kingdom.Arjun won Draupadi but he sacrificed his love for unity among brothers as all of them desired her and to keep his mother's word to share the booty among brothers.He did not get Draupadi, instead he had to leave for 12 years of Vanavas and celibacy to keep the vow that no other brother should intrude into the conjugal privacy of other brother with Draupadi. What was the urgency of Yudhishthir to take Draupadi to the weaponry for romance? Was there no other place in the Khandavaprasjtha palace for him? Yudhishthir rarely used weapons but Arjun needed them to catch the dacoits who stole the Brahman's cow.Arjun came back from Vanavas with Subhadra and asked her to submit to Draupadi as her servant so that Draupadi is pleased and peace and harmony prevails in the family.Arjun and other brothers went for Digvijay yatra for Yudhishthir's Rahasya yagna. Arjun brought the maximum wealth for the royal treasury that was used by Yudhishthir.At the dice game, he submitted to Yudhishthir's betting him without any protest though Yudhishthir did not consult him before accepting the invitation for dice. Yudhishthir lost all the wealth accumulated by Arjun and other brothers in dice, he subjected Draupadi whom Arjun won, to utter disgrace. Even then Arjun restrained Bheem from insulting and burning hands of Yudhishthir, to uphold the dignity and honour of family unity.During Vanavas, Arjun went for obtaining daiva astras so that in the impending war, Pandavas could win and Yudhishthir could become king again. He did severe penance in the Himalayas to please Mahadev to get Pashupat astra and other astra's from other devatas. He learnt incessantly and practiced to master the weapons for four years.During war, he killed most of enemy and big warriors, even then Yudhishthir accused him horribly on the 17th day when Arjun came searching for wounded Yudhishthir in the camp as welfare of the eldest brother was the most important concern for Arjun.He lost his sons Iravan, Abhimanyu and Shrutakirti in the battle. He was so enraged at the most cruel and immoral slaying of his favourite son and disciple Abhimanyu that next day he alone killed seven Akshouhini of Kaurava sena and killed Jayadrath to fulfill his pledge.When Yudhishthir became the king of Hastinapur after the war, he made Bheem the crown prince, though Arjun was the architect of the victory.Throughout his life, Arjun suffered, toiled and the fruit was enjoyed by his family. Was he not a family man?	Yes. He was a great family man becauseHe left his family and travel whole India and swarg his entire life. -He was a great family man.Where ever he travel married a new lady. He had 26 wives, made family everywhere.- he was a great family man.Before Mahabharata war begin . He sacrificed his son, beheaded him in front of bhadrakali murti as Bali. - he was a great family man.He cried lot for abhimanyu. But in case other son death he was quite. - he was great family man.So , understood why he was a great family man.He was not a family man, he was a warrior , who borned to fight whole life. We can't call him family man.	Short answer wud be, he did everything for his family (or elder brother, more specifically) and nothing for himself:):), I guess. He did not keep back any wealth for himself but gathered vast riches for his brother’s kingdom, he fought a war from the frontlines for his brother’s kingship and to avenge his wife, he chose to stay in the background and let his brother get all the glory as the righteous king, although, he himself was the lynchpin of the kingdom and army, alongside Bhima. Plus he trained the younger generation of Pandavas, all of them, not just his own sons.	Arjuna or any other pandav were rarely family men for their wives….he was a family man for his brothers, and faught from their side. He loved his Great grandfather other than that we rarely read anything about his love for his family.	All paandavas were amsha of different gods incl Draupadi. no doubt abt tbeir character.	He seems to be a good man. He scarify a lot for his family, hard working, concerned, a obey child of his parents, a good brother, n follow practitioner.	
Could Arjuna really surrender himself to Krishna because we still see him crying when Bhishma was on the death bed vowing to kill Jayadratha before sunset which doesnt signify the kind of detachment Krishna wanted	Arjun is though considered the son of Kunti and is called as Pandav, but in fact, he was the son of God Indra, heaven. Relation of Arjun with Lord Sri Krishn was most ancient.He was Nar and Lord Sri Krishn is Narayan, so both were at Badrika Ashram and as Lord Sri Krishn manifested here for establishing Dharm, his most close friend and Pupil Nar/ Arjun was also reborn in the support of divine Lila of Lord Sri Krishn. The Program was fixed earlier to the birth of Pandavas on the earth.So, Arjun was also not a simple being, but his relation with sri Krishn is Puratan. You have rightly said that though, Sri Krishn discoursed the Supreme Knowledge of Bhagvad Gita to Arjun, yet Arjun was somewhere in fix during the time of his son death Abhimnayu, death of Bhishm, and he had taken vow that he would kill Jaydratha before sun set tomorrow.That is why, due to the ancient relation, Lord Sri Krishn always stood by his pupil Arjun. In fact, it is due to Lord Sri Krishn blessing, Pandava won the war, else there was no option.When Arjun could not kill jaydhartha till the Sun set, as per the words of Arjun, the Pyre was arranged and Arjun had to enter the burning fire. When Arjun was to enter the burning fire, Sri Krishn came there and told Arjun to take his bow and arrows also. Arjun took away his bow and arrows and as he was yet to enter the fire, Sri Krishn stopped him.Sri Krishn eyed the God Sun and Sun rises again, though Sun was already set. So, it was due to the Sri Krishn divine Lila and instructions, Arjun was saved.Though, he was the main character of Mahabharat, he was in fix and due to that Sri Mad Bhagvad Gita was Gyan was discoursed by Sri Krishn to Arjun. The affection of Sri Krishn for Arjun is evident from Adi Parva where after the fight in Khandava forest.Sri Krishn stood always with his Pupil Arjun and even when Arjun was thereten by Hanuman ji at the sea, Sri Krishn saved Arun, else he would have been killed for disrespecting Lord Ram, the Supreme Being.So, Arjun was totally surrendered Sri Krishn and what he acted like in the fix was pre-planned subject to preach common people, as what to do and not to do. What is Karm and Akrarm, Mystry of Soul and Lord, Birth and death and what types of Yagna and Daan are well defined in Gita.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram, Hare Krishn/Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	This is really a very good question, and since I have been asked to attempt an answer, I shall try it with whatever ability i have. I am not as learned as others who have answered this beautifully, but I have my approach to the situation which I will present now.What was the objective of the samvaad which happened between Shri. Krishna and Arjuna, which we today know as Bhagavad Gitaa? As you all know, it all begins with Arjuna’s so called dispassion which manifests in the most wrong place at the most wrong time. When Yudhisthira was trying his best to avoid/delay the war, Arjuna was among those who were so desirous of it. And now, when everyone had assembled, he was backing off and on top of that, giving absolutely ‘sagacious’ justifications to why he wanted to back off.Shri. Krishna was not only his charioteer in the sense of the term, but also the charioteer of his mind, and now Arjuna was acting all too weird. Hence, the sole objective of Shri. Krishna’s guidance which we see in Gita was to get Arjuna out of the stupor he was in and put him on the path of Action. And in this way, we get a small manual for life which not only acts as a guiding light for us in this life, but also summarizes a lot of concepts of Sanatana Dharma.I don’t think there is even a hint given anywhere that Arjuna attained detachment due to this samvaad. Neither do the daily readers of Bhagavad Gita attain absolute detachment and clarity of mind by reading the text a number of times. But it definitely propels us on the path of action and duty.For me, this explains why he was still possessed of human qualities like sorrow and anger which he displayed in the said scenarios.	Thanks for A2AIs it that easy to reach the stage where you see yourself detached,not effected by anything good or bad?Krishna saidtasmat tvam uttishtha yaso labhasvajitva satrun bhunkshva rajyam samriddhammayaivaite nihatah purvam evanimitta-matram bhava savya-sachinExcerptTherefore get up and acqire fame.. After conquering your enemies you will enjoy a flourishing kingdom. They are already put to death by Me before., and you, O Savyasacin, be but an instrument in the war.After showing universal form Krishna told thus. Arjuna followed..he fought ..that doesn’t mean he rose above his human emotions.Arjuna still is in learning process. He tuned his mind to fight for dharma but still he did not reach the stage where he could not feel attached to his grandfather,preceptor and son.It is a gradual process in which a man can reach that state.Arjuna who represents human aspect of the Supreme god ,Nar ,started his journey to turn Devine and unite with his counter part or alter ego Narayan.It takes time and effort to achieve the state of liberation.Krishna saidduhkheshv anudvigna-manahsukheshu vigata-spruhahvita-raga-bhaya-krodhahsthita-dhir munir uchyateOne who is not disturbed in spite of the miseries, who is not elated when there is happiness, and who is free from attachment, fear and anger, is called a sage of steady mind.Krishna tells Who is Stitadhi sage of steady mind and asks Arjuna to be like that.But Arjuna still has to strive hard to become like that.That is whyArjuna feels bad to strike his grandfather down,he cried on seeing him on arrow bedGets angry when Drona was killed by a lieLoses himself when Abhimanyu was slaughtered brutally in his absenceTakes a vow to kill Jayadratha ..In his journey towards the state of steadiness Arjuna did all these which are natural and inevitable.Aftermath Of warIf we observe his transition we do perceive him differently after the war.When Karna’s identity was revealed,he was not shattered like Yudhishtir. He accepted the truth with dignity and poiseWhen Yudhishtir wanted to renounce kingdom,Arjuna tries his best to make him realise that whatever happened he should take it as the call of destiny and move forward.To Arjun’s credit he was the recipient of Anugita also at Indraprasth palace from his soulmate.Arjuna emerged a winner in making Yudhishtir emperor again by his Ashwamedha conquests. He tried his best not to kill the kings but to win them over with minimum loss of lives as ordered by his brother.Shattered still did his duty..fulfilled his Madhav’s wishKrishna reached his abode. Dwaraka merged in ocean,ordinary robbers succeeded in taking away women at willGandiv and quivers did not cooperate.But Arjuna could save the queens of Krishna and the successor of Vrishnis Vajra along with Satyaki’s son,Kritavarma’s son…To accomplish all this in such a state of gloom and pain ..so much will power and Samyam is needed. This incident definitely proved Arjuna’s evolution.His journey has come to an end..and he realised in totality,what his Madhav said…Karmanyevadhikaraste maa phaleshu kadachana..Yes Arjuna reached that stage not by miracle but by doing karma.FootnotesBhagawadgita Viswarupa sandarsana Yoga ch 11 verse 33Karma yoga ch.2 verse 56	Any change takes time to occur. As you know it is very hard to give up any habbit. It takes time. Also, when Krishna said all that stuff in Bhagvadgita, the moment he finished it, Arjuna had to fight the biggest and largest war ever happened on this continent. So, he had to focus on that which resulted in less time to consolidate the knowledge he recieved.Then again he was his grandfather for heavens sake. If he were to act that calmly, he would be replacing Krishna in field of spirituality.Well jokes apart but given the circumstances it was very hard to be aloof in those conditions.	Arjuna had totally surrendered to Lord Krishna. The story that has been described in this question is a fact of total surrender. Arjuna knew very well that the tasks that were to be done by him could never have been fulfilled by the support of Lord Krishna. So it was not detachment but it was attachment between Arjuna and Krishna.	What is Bhagavad Gita? It's not a law book or a religious book to follow. It's a book about life, natural, a God inside you and a demon inside you, it's a book to face your fear, fight for ur rights, a book to guide you that no one else could help you except urself. It never says you (or Arjuna) must kill his family members. it's about Arjuna must fight for his rights, and even if the opponent is family members (or as said doing wrong or injustice), should not stop bcs they r family members or should thing prob or cons of relationship.Bhishma himself was powerful and knew Pandava r facing injustice but still he fight against them because he was bound to his words toward the dynasty. Arjuna, fight against Bhishma, and anyhow he defeated him in war. Now, the man laying in front of him was a men on his death bed. He no longer remain ur enemy. It's the human nature for Arjuna to have tears for him as what so ever happened, Bhishma was his grandfather and they used to play with him, He was a teacher for them n everything.You can comply urself with Arjuna, a dead body is no longer a energy even what so ever he has done.	
What were Arjunas temptations what were his egoistical points and was Arjuna never really jealous of someone as Karna was of him	Thanks for A2AArjuna’s temptationsArcheryNothing could tempt Arjuna like Archery .did.Since a child.he was passionate about the bow and arrow. There are only two heroes in our Epics whom we could connect with the bow. We can not imagine them without a bow ..Sriram and Arjun.No other prince in Drona’s Gurukul was fascinated with the bow like Arjun did.He practiced even at nights,Arjuna was tempted towards the bow and arrow to that extent..But good for him,his temptation paved the way to reach the heights of glory that none of his contemporaries could even imagine.ChitrangadaThe Manipur princess tempted him as per the narration.He approached her father to request for her hand in marriage.ExcerptThe king of Manipura had a daughter of great beauty named Chitrangada. And it so happened that Arjuna beheld her in her father's palace roving at pleasure. Beholding the handsome daughter of Chitravahana, Arjuna desired to possess her. Going unto the king (her father), he represented unto him what he sought. He said. 'Give away unto me thy daughter, O king! I am an illustrious Kshatriya's son.”Arjuna agreed to leave his son as the successor to King of Manipur and married Chitrangada.SubhadraKrishna’s beautiful sister did tempt him with her graceful looks.Arjuna clearly was besotted with her and followed Krishna’s suggestion to abduct SubhadraExcerptAs soon as Arjuna beheld her he was possessed by the god of desire. Then, O Bharata, that tiger among men, Krishna, observing Partha contemplate her with absorbed attention, said with a smile, 'How is this? Can the heart of one that rangeth the woods be agitated by the god of desire? This is my sister, O Partha, and the uterine sister of Sarana. Blest be thou, her name is Bhadra and she is the favourite daughter of my father. Tell me if thy heart is fixed upon her, for I shall then speak to my father myself.'"Arjuna answered, 'She is Vasudeva's daughter and Vasudeva's (Krishna) sister; endued with so much beauty, whom can she not fascinate? If this thy sister, this maid of the Vrishni race, becometh my wife, truly may I win prosperity in everything. Tell me, O Janardana, by what means I may obtain her. To get her I will achieve anything that is achievable by man.'Arjuna offered to do anything to posess Subhadra as his wife..the temptation is clearly visible.FurthermoreNot tempted by Royal pleasures but tempted by his urge to help the brahmin.Arjuna did not hesitate to get banished from Indraprastha..to help a brahmin.Surely he was not tempted by luxuries that come with Royal life. It is not easy to be that way..detached and firm in following his dharma…Arjuna was not tempted to stay back even though Yudhishtir asked him to.Tempted surely to obtain divyastrasArjuna’s passion is archery..his urge to learn more and more,his extraordinary focus enabled him to become the best archer.When Indra asked him to request for a boon,Arjuna solicited divyastras.Arjuna was temptedTo take Gandiv in his hands.Arjuna very much tempted to feel and hold Gandiv that his fascination for that bow was clearly seen ..Once he got his hands on to that Devine bow he just connected with it instantly. His temptation resulted in admiration turned into passion that did not let him part with it till the end of his journey ….He has to be reminded by Agnidev to return it as the purpose with which it reached him was done ..In contrast we see Karna who hardly used his much glorified Vijaya bow…lack of passion..I must say.Arjuna and Egoistic?I still wonder what made Yudhishtir claim that Arjuna fell because of his ego..There is a thin line between self confidence and self importance.A warrior of extraordinary prowess and unlimited achievements to his credit deserves to be highly confident of his skills. Those who have nothing to boast of were seen praising themselves to skies. I dont need to mention names. I swear One Fish Target Victory is enough to make Arjuna stand high on pedestal among his peers. If we consider all his triumphs we can only find him too humble and unegoistic.Arjuna was confident of himself but not egoistic..If at all he presented himself voicing about his skills,it can not be taken as egoistic. He did that on purpose before Yudhishtir .In Udyoga Parva when he was asked how much time he needs to annihilate Kaurava armyOn 17 th day when Krishna suggested him to praise himself to get rid of the sin of blaming his brother.For a warrior of Arjuna’s stature ,it is natural to be egoistic and pompous.But Arjuna never let himself be arrogant and complacent. That is why he could learn more and more to reach the pinnacle of success with different preceptors. He never rested on his past laurels but moved ahead to explore unexplored territories in archery. Otherwise he would have remained stagnated at one place like Karna for whom Parasurama’s hermitage was final destination.The last part of the question now.Was Arjuna jealous of Karna?For what? I would ask the questioner to show one reason to be jealous of Karna. I can show why he need not be jealous..Arjuna was the best student of Gurukul who won every test conducted by Drona.Arjuna defeated Drupada and offered Guru Dakshina While Karna was defeated by Drupada.Arjuna won the fish target test while Karna lost itThe gorgeous princess of Panchal garlanded him..and loved him till her last breath.Arjuna defeated Karna in the war aftermath of SwayamvarArjuna was abducted by beautiful Ulupi,married Chitrangada and got Subhadra as his wife. Karna’s wives were not even mentioned with names.Arjuna’s reputation rose higher with his Digvijaya conquests..while Karna did nothing ..in that time spaceArjuna acquired Pasupata from Siva himself and many divyastras from godsArjuna relieved Duryodhana from Gandharvas While Karna fled.Arjuna defeated Karna in Virata war twice and killed his brother.Exhausted to the extent of not being able to count Arjuna’s victories..begining with Kurukshetra.But would definitely highlight the point…he was the recipient of Gita. and Anugita.Krishna confessed that he can not see the earth devoid of Arjuna even for a moment.I hope people will hear the resounding judgement..thatArjuna did not have one reason atleast to feel jealous of Karna.SourcesBori Critical Edition Sanskrit versionAll the Unabridged Sanskrit versionsNila Kantha BhavadipaKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parva.section CCXXI,CCXVII	Temptation , Jealousy and Ego are strong words and not all feelings could be clubbed in the bracket. But let us discuss one by one.Temptation — He was human and was tempted like us all. He was attracted to Subadra, Chitrangada and wanted to get fame. But when we say temptation it should be such that it could deviate a person from one’s goal. It should be strong enough to make him weak and loose focus. It should make him dishonest and even fall from higher pedestal people have placed him on. In that case we don’t see anything like that. Whether Urvashi story is to be believed or not, he refuses Uttara marriage offer and takes her as daughter in law. He overcame his desire to be with his wives and spent time in pilgrimages and exile or military expeditions. No woman was enough to move him away from his path. When it came to his belief system he had no temptation. He was almost a Monk and detached person. while receiving education there was no temptation of playing, resting which could make him leave practice. Lord Shiva knew that there is no temptation which could move Arjuna and his goal is only thing which he would keep in his mind. This is what Shiva tells to saints who feared his penance which was burning all direction in Kirata parvaMaheshvara replied, “In a happy frame of mind and without fatigue, swiftly return to wherever you have come from. I know the resolution that is fixed in his mind. He does not wish for heaven, or riches, or a long life. I will accomplish today everything that he wishes for.” Having heard Sharva’s words, all the truthful rishis returned to their hermitages in happy frames of mind.’Jealousy —- Again it is a very strong word. If applied blindly then we all are jealous. No one of us is so pure that we never wanted what the other person had or someone ability created some tension in our mind. It is usual. But what makes a person of such nature is when that thing constantly pushes him and he makes his own life and life of others a hell. He becomes possessed about that stuff. Moreover age is also a criteria. This charge against Arjuna is more or less connected to him wondering why Eklavya knew what he did not. But it was just a junior kid wondering over a feat of choking a poor dog. That was kid not a grown Arjuna. We all have been through those phases and later realized how foolish we were. Leaving that incident Arjuna was not even concerned what the rest of the world was doing , what to talk of being jealous of anyone. He was living in his own world and trying to be a better warrior and person. He was competing with himself and his own standards. We don’t see him being jealous or self obsessed. He later becomes mentor of many other greats like Satyaki, Pradyumna, Samba, Gada etc etc and shared his knowledge with them. A person who is jealous never let others grow and shine. Arjuna happily lives under shadow his elde r brother and we never see him poking nose in others matters.Ego————— This word annoys me a lot on a personal level. This word is being abused a lot. Anyone who knows just few words of English uses , abuses and misuses this word a lot. No matter whatever the case is they would just utter this word and say leave your ego, you have ego etc etc. If someone hits you on road , you get injured then also the mediator will say “ leave ego and compromise” If someone insults you in front of all without no fault of yours “ Are yaar ego chod na”. You just wonder even if anyone really knows that Ego means false pride. Self respect, call for justice and having some sense of ‘I’ is not Ego.Pride is basic driving force which keeps us moving in tough conditions. We all have some pride in our looks, our capability and financial status. Ego is too harsh and strong word to be used here specially when it comes to Arjuna.Arjuna was a great warrior. Loved and wanted by most beautiful woman of his times, Applauded by best men of his times like Drona, Krishna, Bhishma and envied by greatest warrior of his times like Karna. A person who has that kind of talent and victory list will have some pride in him. But calling that Ego is not justified. Arjuna of real Mahabharat is very humble. Unless you believe in TV serials who intentionally cast a stubborn Arjuna and those folk tales you will be suprised to see his humility in the epic. He is so humble that it seems that he doesn’t know who he is and what he has done. Those who call him egoist will go mad and start crushing people under their ego even with one percent of his fame and success.Some of the stories created to prove this point are false like the very Popular Hanuman bridge story nowhere in the epic. Other story which is root cause of this belief is misunderstood is the Swararohan parva and fall of Arjuna. Actually Yudhsithir never called Arjuna egoist throught his life. He only referred to the 17th day statement where Arjuna boasted of being the best. Well, if we closely observe that incident , we come to know that Arjuna boasted only on suggestion of krishna to avoid actual suicide as boasting is equal to suicide. Arjuna was insulted by yudhishir to leave his bow and thus Arjuna in anger wanted to kill yudhishtir. On gaining his senses he wanted to commit suicide so krishna made him do that sin to save his life as his life was necessary for victory. The parva itself is just symbolic as Arjuna being incarnation of Nara was above heaven and in the end was seen with Krishna.There are other equally ridiculous stories like karna donating his sandalwood trees and Arjuna being embarrassed and karna pushing Arjuna chariot 2 steps etc. These stories are nowhere in original epic. Even the incident which is there was chariot burning but even in that one nothing dramatic as such is there. Arjuna doesn’t create any drama. Krishna steps down and he politely asks the cause and krishna explains. Barbarik story and all fighting with each other over credit is false and not in epic.Arjuna always credited his victories to krishna and shiva. In every Parva he praises krishna as who was reason for their success. Arjuna praises Drona, Ashwtham, kripa many times. He is quite respectful towards defeated warriors too. He accepts chakshuni Vidya from Angarparva Gandarva who tried to kill him but failed. Accepting a fallen enemy and exchanging knowledge with him is mark of humility specially when likes of Drupad were not accepting even likes of Drona(son of Bhardwaj and his friend) due to ego.Same Arjuna behavior in Rajsuya tells that he was very humble and quite diplomatic in dealing with defeated kingdoms. In epic we see many saints , kings , gods praising his humility including great Vyasa. So, the idea of him being egoistic is not supported by the epic.One mark of egoistic person is he never praises others and even if he does he could never stop comparing himself which we see in karna. But Arjuna suggest Dristhdyumna as commander and we see him applauding Ashwathama a lot.Other proof which people give to proof their point is kirat Parva. But we should see that when Arjuna was in meditation a demon attacked him as boar. Arjuna saw it and then was ready to kill it. Then the hunter intervened. The situation was already tense and this entry of a unknown entity was suspicious. So Arjuna behavior was quite natural. But we see him applauding the kirat (shiva) with execllent excellent !! when he sees his prowess. Arjuna does applauds the tribal and keeps fighting. A warrior instict is different from strong ego. At best it could be pride. If he had given up fight at first instance same critics had been calling him coward. Moreover Shiva would have not handed his divine weapon to such a meek warrior. Wasn’t Shiva testing him ?‘The illustrious god said, “O Phalguna! I am pleased with you because of your matchless deeds. There is no kshatriya who is equal to you in valour and endurance. O unblemished one! Your energy and valour has been equal to mine today. O mighty-armed one! O bull among men! I am pleased with you. Behold me. O large-eyed one! I will give you eyes.You have been a rishi earlier. You will triumph over all your enemies in battle, even if they happen to be dwellers of heaven.”At that, Phalguna saw that immensely radiant god, the god Mahadeva Girisha,279 who wields the trident, and the goddess. He knelt down on the ground and bowed down his head in homage. Partha, the conqueror of the cities of enemies, gratified Hara. Arjuna said, “O Kapardin! O lord of all the beings! O destroyer of Bhaga’s eyes! O illustrious god! O Shankara! Pardon my transgression. O illustrious one! Itwas in a desire to see you that I came to this great mountain, beloved by you, lord of the gods, and the supreme abode of the ascetics. O illustrious god, worshipped by all the beings! Be pleased. O Mahadeva! Pardon my crime and my extreme bravery. Out of ignorance and insolence, I fought with you. O Shankara! I seek refuge with you. Pardon me.”Then the immensely energetic Vrishabhadhvaja smiled, and grasping Phalguna’s beautiful hands,said, “I have pardoned you.”’An outright egoistic person is never quick to realize his mistake. Duryodhana was blaming and laughing at krishna even in the end. Arjuna is asking for forgiveness for his crime but we see that his bravery and his penance both pleased shiva. Shiva is praising the same Valor we are calling ego.So, The question is tricky. Yes , beauty and fame did tempt him for a while but no tempation could deviate him from his goal and was enough to take him away from Dharma. When krishna asked him to choose between him and his army he chose krishna. When he saw his dear ones to be killed by him he cried and decided to leave to forest. Temptation of proving his might and earning his kingdom was not enough to silence his soul. Temptation of heaven was not enough to make him forget that he had gone to heaven to learn arms not rest with his father.Yes, he had pride which is the driving engine of a warrior. What kind of leader would induce his army to fight if he doesn’t have some strong words to say? if Arjuna had not said he was capable of vanquishing Kauravas at virat would Uttara gather strength to drive his chariot and risk his life?His respect towards his teachers , friends and even enemies shows he was a very humble person. Moreover even if he had these human weaknesses what matters in the end is that he was able to overcome all of them and surrender to krishna which only a detached person ending his own consciousnesses to submit to the almighty can do. He was same Nara who along with Narayana had achieved highest level with penance.SourceBORI CE Kirat parva as translated by Bibek debroyGita press gorakhpur Mahabharat.	Arjuna, has been depicted in the Mahabharata as a person having many unique virtues, moral sensibility and above all, an ideal temperament for a true warrior. Though, he married Subhadra, the sister of Lord Krishna and Chitrangada, the princess of Manipur, out of his own desire, there is hardly any mention of him having any temptation. But as a human, he was not free of flaws. He had a very strong ego, which never made him bow down before anyone, except Lord Krishna and Lord Shiva. He fought furiously with Lord Shiva, who had came in the guise of a tribal hunter, to prove his martial supremacy to the latter. Similarly, he risked his life thrice; once when he accepted the challenge of Hanuman to make a bridge of arrows on the sea, secondly, when he took the vow to kill Jayadratha before the sunset of the next day and thirdly, when he promised to save the seventh child of a Brahmin of Dwaraka, from death itself. On all three occasions, it was the Grace of Lord Krishna, that saved his life and honour.Last but not the least, he was never actually jealous of anyone. Like a true warrior, he had either utter disregard or a high sense of respect for his opponents. Hence, there was no scope for any jealousy in between.	Arjuna and Karna present diverse ends of the spectrum. Arjuna has blessings from his Gurus and providence working for him almost always. Karna had curses from his Gurus and never had anything going his for most part. Except for his chance meeting and subsequent friendship with D(S)uryodhana. such a background of events always tends to play on the psyche of an individual . Karna if anything craved for attention and respect for his art that he acquired by tool and struggle . Arjuna did not have to struggle and was helped by his teachers and mentors all along. Be it Drona refusing Ekalavya and Karna and Krishnas constant support during the war. Despite all of this, The story shows numerous instances of Arjuna’s perceived disdain and arrogance. He lost no opportunity to belittle Karna as a low born and could never accept him as an equal in combat. There seems to be an underlying jealousy seeing what Karna has achieved despite his perceived background. Karna on the other hand had to prove to himself and the world that he was up to the task and responsibilities given to him. Did he foster jealousy and animosity. Yes he did . It was not about Arjuna’s capability but an irritation stemming from the accolades Arjuna received due to his pedigree.	Well in its true sense…Arjuna leads an exemplary life. He is someone who dedicates himself to the cause and goes all in. Just like any human being he has several shortcomings or negative aspects to his personality but he never believes that he is the best and the thought that he has to become the best is the driving force that saves him many a times. Also, as the saying goes, ‘ A man is known by the company he keeps’ is a classic reason why Arjuna was able to rise above his ego and other short comings. The company of great men like Guru Dronacharya, Lord Krishna and guidance from Bhishma were a corner stone to his victory in the battle.In my opinion, Arjuna was never jealous of Karna. He respected a valant and skilled warrior that Karna was. He either worked hard to defeat him or gave everything he had to defeat him. There is no incidence in my knowledge that would make me beleive that there were ego clashes between the two as far as skill was concerned.	The only temptation of Arjun was to kill Karna even though he knew that to kill Arjun, Karna had already prepared a death weapon.Arjun had no jealousy for karna, even though Karna had jealousy in him for Arjun.The egoistical point of Arjuna was that Arjun was one of the greatest in archery and nobody could beat him in that and that he was the greatest. Arjuna believed that with the help of the gandib he could defeat the whole enemy army even when there were many great warriors there.	
Where did the Pandavas use to live	After pandu gave up the throne of hastinapur and set off with his two wives (kunti and madri) to the forest, soon he died due to curse of sage kindama. His wives were able to procure children due to boon of Kunti (given by durvasa). Soon after madri's sati, Kunti took the pandavas to hastinapur .Thereafter, duryodhana had plotted a plan due to which vanavrata, the palace made up of lac was set on fire during Shiva mahotsav at night where yudhistira and other pandavas were present, Vidura successfully made them escape from this place.They lived in forests as disguised brahmins for a long time. Then they heard about the swayamvara of draupadi in panchala and reached there, winning the swayamvara ,Arjun gets married to panchali.Acknowledging that the pandavas are alive, dhritarashtra invites them to hastinapur but by then duryodhana had crowned himself as the king. There to do justice, he keeps hastinapur for himself and gives the barren,arid land of khandvaprastha to the pandavas. However the pandavas built their own lavish city, indraprastha and lived there for a long time. Until the dice game took place and the pandavas had to give up their kingdom and were sent on 12 years exile to forest.After winning the kurukshetra war, the pandavas ruled the hastinapur kingdom for about 36 years ,indraprastha being the capital .Thanks!	It is believed that pandavas built caves during their vanvas.PLACE KNOWN AS PANCHMARHI	
Who became the commander that took charge for the Kauravas forces after Karna s death	Salya took over the last day of the war after Karna's death. He was the remaining oldest warrior in the battlefield with immense strength. he was recognised as a maharathi. Some say that he possess the same boon that Vaali had and that is why Yudhistira’s ‘strength’ was absorbed by Shalya. The strength of Yudhistira was showing non-aggression. Thereby Salya became non-aggressive in the battlefield which helped him kill his uncle using Shakthi.	
Is the Mahabharata called Panchama Veda	Mahabharata itself is part of the Vedas. It is the Karma Kanda of the Vedas wherein you purify your mind by performing the required Karmas to destroy all the Kurus within you ( enemies within such as lower material desires).The abstract Vedas are taught in the Puranic fashion through the Mahabharata and Ramayana to make it easy for people to understand the true nature of the Brahman.Therefore Mahabharata is part of the Vedas and not considered as any fifth or panchama vedas.HariOM	In response to Vishwanathan Hari:It is called the Fifth Veda as per our lineage of Acharyas.Neither Ramayana nor Mahabharata are Puranas. They are Itihasas, historical textsVeda contains sruthi, brahmana and upanishad. Not itihasa or puran.van pugazh naranan thin kazhal sere.	Mahabharata is known as the fifth veda; that's because to understand the original 4 vedas, you need Mahabharata. Otherwise, you will misunderstand the concepts in vedas. That's why it is called so. ... Mahabharata is the Panchama (fifth) Veda as per elders.	
Lord Rama didn t support Sita Mata while knowing that she was pure wouldn t Lord Krishna call this Adharma	My theory is conjecture based on the undestanding of what ‘Dharam’ was actually explained to be in the Gita, vs the moralistic preaching of it.But before that, I want to make a few things known - There will be arguments that will find reasons to ‘justify’ Ram’s actions stating ‘Sita’s safety’, well-being or that it was a mutual decision etc. However, all those are wishful interpretations by those trying to put Ram on a pedestal and absolve him of the 2 sins he made against Womenkind in general - 1. Agni Pareeksha. 2. Abandonment of his pregnant wife due to false accusation of a third person. Valmiki Ramayan questions these acts of Ram. I am stating all this so that my response can be understood objectively by all parties - haters and worshipers.At the cost of paraphrasing many things and in the interest to make it very very simple - the definition of Dharam given by Krishna in the Gita is ‘Doing that which one is born/incarnated to full-fill’. And so, Adharma is ‘not doing’ what one is born to full-fill. This was the basis of his gyaan to Arjun.Every life is an incarnation. So as a Kshatriya, Arjun was born to protect the weaker and ensure that he fought for justice. If this flight claimed the lives of family members who were the cause of injustice, then that ‘killing’ was following Dharam.On the same lines, the purpose of Ram’s incarnation or birth was to ‘follow Maryada’ hence Maryada purushottam Ram. Thus his incarnation was to establish a rule following society that had some structure and predictability in it as opposed to the lawlessness that was dominant of the ‘Rakshas’ way of life. So for Ram , following the rules was his highest Dharam. He undertook the exile in the forrest, fought Ravan and asked for Agni Pareeksha because it was in accordance of a rule-following ‘sanskriti’. His sense of duty always won over his emotion, attachment or right and wrong. So going by the definition of Dharam and matching it with the purpose of Ram’s birth, one could say that strictly speaking his actions did not construe Adharam as he was following the purpose of his incarnation.That said, in my opinion, there is no bigger Dharam than humanity and basic human connections reign over everything else. Thus what he did was definitely Adharam, because every human life has an implicit purpose to establish humanity and by punishing his innocent pregnant wife, Ram did commit an Adharam - the mark of which leaves him as a good ruler and son, but never the ideal husband.	God Ramachandra is maryada Purushotama. He came amongst the humans to teach dharma in the form of maryada. He is purushottama or the perfect man. As a king he gave more preference to the opinion of his subjects at ayodhya than his personal http://relationship.So he followed raj dharma. God Shri Krisha is lila purushotama or there are no set rules for him. He can show his transcendental or divine lila in many ways. He showed it as a cowherd,as a lover of all , as a warrior as a politician, as a king, as a teacher and true friend, and also as saviour of dharma. He never told I am God. It is in last chapters of Gita he reveals his true identity. He even sacrificed his own kinsmen who became http://immoral.So we cant question the lila of God we can just see and get his divine message.	TV Serials cannot capture the emotion and pathos of Ramayana. Rama and Sita understood each other on levels only truly happy married couples can understand.She was pure, he knew it. But, the people did not. They started doubting Sita’s chastity and spoke openly in the streets about it. What would a woman, that too a pregnant woman feel? So, they agreed before it happened that Sita would be sent to Valmiki Ashram to stay and raise her children. Here she would be free of the insults. Their sadness was not about each other, as the masses think, but about how the world could be so cruel.	It's a matter of perspective .Lord Rama is first of all an ideal man ,that's okay,but don't forget he is the Supreme Lord of zillions of universes, we shouldn't question or imitate the acts of either him or Bhagvati Sita,we shouldn't judge him,if we show such as audacity then we should follow the footsteps of the Lord in totality.Accepting only half part of a hen wouldn't work here	
What were the two sentences spoken by Draupadi that started the Mahabharata War	It is a misconception that Draupadi was the reason for the Great War fought between cousins for the throne.I could sense what sentences the questioner meant that caused the Epic war but I strongly oppose the view.First and foremost the so called sentences attributed to Draupadi were never spoken by her as per the authentic sources of the Epic.Yes Draupadi did not sayNaham varayami Sutam ..I won’t marry a SutaAndhe Ka Putr Andha..Blind man’s son himself is blind.Draupadi did not reject Karna ,he failed to hit the target.Draupadi did not laugh at Duryothan neither did she mouth the infamous line. Duryodhana added that while narrating the incident to Dhritarashtra. Direct narration did not mention Draupadi in the scene at all.Draupadi’s insult in Dice hall did not matter in peace discussions. Pandavas wanted peace with Kauravas and requested five cities for their sake.Duryodhana did not want to share the kingdom with Pandavas.Karna tried his best to fuel the fire of greed in Duryodhana’s heart..to bring forth the Great War . His only aim was to prove himself better than Arjun..Dhritarashtra’s blind love for his son did not let him listen to Krishna’s advice..Peace proposal was outrightly rejected by Duryodhana..making way to the Great War.Draupadi did not matter ..Her insult did not figure anywhere in the proceedings.Yes Krishna promised Draupadi that she will get justice ,her culprits will get punished.But if at all Duryodhana accepted the suggestion to make peace..war would not have happened.Having said that Krishna knew Duryodhan won’t mend his ways..of adharma..Still he tried for the last time.War happened not because of DraupadiNot due to Shakuni.War happened by choice..of Dhritarashtra,Duryodhana and Karna.Source referencesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionKisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationGita Press Mahabharat with Hindi Translation by Pandit RamnarayanSouthern Recession Kumbhakonam Edition,PPS Sastri Edited versionNilakantha Bhavadipa	The administration of God is always perfect supporting justiceThe revenge against sin belongs to the administration of God and not to the soul since God says “Revenge is Mine”.One shall not criticize the injustice here due to lack of omniscience.[You shall not argue that if the omnipotent God is supporting justice, in this creation why so much injustice exists? The reason is that you are not omniscient to observe all the background of each soul to decide which is justice and which is injustice. With very limited observation of any soul, you can’t decide that this soul is good subjected to punishment and this soul is bad blessed by good fruits. When you observe a criminal being hanged to death, you sympathize him since you have not witnessed his previous crime. A good person might have been punished by a bad person for the crime done by the former to the latter previously in this birth or in the past birth. After this incident, a good person receives good fruits and bad person receives bad fruits in course of time for their respective deeds. If the good person revenges against the bad person, everlasting chain results.If one leaves revenge to God, the effected person will be highly compensated by God for his patience. If the sinner in previous birth is punished now, there is no place of revenge since the story ended there. You should not think that in this case God keeps silent in punishing the sin. Otherwise, if the sin is fresh and if the effected party keeps patient without revenge, the effected party is enormously compensated by God and the sinner is also enormously punished. Of course, God gives long time for the sinner to reform himself/herself and this delay is not to be misunderstood as defect of God. If the sinner is reformed, God will not punish him and the effected party shall not feel that injustice is done to it. If the sinner is punished, in what way the effected party is compensated? To feel that the punishment of enemy alone is the compensation of the effected party, it shows only foolishness. Hence, the administration of God is always perfect supporting justice, destroying injustice by punishment if the criminal is not reformed and compensating profusely the non-revenging effected party.Draupadi was revengeful to punish Kauravas. Anyway, God Krishna is going to punish bad Kauravas for their fresh sin done towards good Draupadi. For the unnecessary revenge of Draupadi, God punished her by getting all her sons killed. The understanding of the background of justice, injustice, profuse compensation for revengeless party and punishment for revengeful attitude will make you not to unnecessarily scold the world created by God. The revenge against sin belongs to the administration of God and not to the soul since God says “Revenge is Mine”. Patience of the effected party shall not be treated as inefficiency, which is going to give million times more punishment to the sinner, if the sinner is not reformed. This must be noted well by all sinners harming good people. If the administration is wrongly criticized, administrator is hurt. If the book is falsely criticized, the author is hurt. You must realize your limitation of knowledge before criticizing the creation of God.]Generally, people think that helping others is good and harming others is bad. The authority for this concept is “Paropakaarahpunyaaya, paapaayaparapidanam”. Here, the word ‘para’ means others as well as good people. We shall take the second meaning only here. Hence, it means that helping good people is for good fruit and harming good people is for bad fruit. Jesus did not harm the people, who harmed Him and by this, you shall not take the concept as that one should not harm others including bad people. The context of Jesus was totally different. By such patient nature exhibited, He wanted that the cruel hearts of sinners shall melt and get reformed. If bad people are not punished, fear will not be there, which, at least, gives temporary reformation! When you are harming somebody, you can’t be the judge being the party. A neutral person, who is scholar of ethical scriptures, shall be the judge (alukshaahdharmakaamaah - Veda).By revenge, your loss is not compensated at all. If you leave revenge to God, He will certainly compensate your loss. God looks to be silent against whom you want to revenge. For His silence, the reason is:- You might have harmed him previously or in the previous birth and your damage by him will end the story of action and reaction or God may be giving some time to him to transform before punishing him. You should not worry that he might escape punishment through becoming reformed. What is the loss for you if he is not punished since God already compensated your loss for your patience! If you have revengeful attitude to him, you are separately punished for your revenge. Draupadi and Subhadra were having revengeful attitude towards Kauravas, for which, both were punished by the loss of their children. Uttara left the revenge to God and hence, her issue (Parikshit) was protected and was made as the King.Without understanding the background of the doctrine of deeds, don’t criticize God with impatience and earn a fresh sin that gives an additional punishment. Always think that God is omniscient and omnipotent and hence, His administration will never have even a hair split flaw.If injustice wins it is a blame to the administration of GodPeople do not have patience in this world to get justice. If injustice wins it is a blame to the administration of God only and therefore one need not worry about this. God will take care of the justice and he is capable of protecting the justice even in the last fraction of second by turning the tables round. For us even to turn a physical table hours are consumed. But you should remember that the justice is decided by God who is aware of all the births of the soul (Bahuni me…Gita) and all the previous deeds. He is aware of the internal bad soul, which may be hidden, in a human body with innocent external nature. Abhimanyu was a very innocent boy but he was a cruel demon hidden in the body. Krishna knows it and so got him killed.You will blame Krishna for the injustice in getting Abhimanu killed in the war. Therefore, you cannot be the judge to give the judgment with limited knowledge of the present birth and with the ignorance of internal structure of the soul.Never aspire for revenge of sin done to you by others[You shall never aspire for the revenge of sin done to you by others because such revenge will not compensate your loss. If you leave revenge to God and be patient, your loss will be terribly compensated by God as a gift for your patience. He may not punish your enemy, if it is the case of retort from your enemy for your previous sin done to him. Even if your enemy is sinful, God may give some time for reformation of the soul. In any case, your patience will pay you the best always.If you have the attitude of revenge, you will be punished for it separately like Draupadi, who lost her sons for her revengeful attitude in provoking her husbands for war. However, if you are participating in a dispute without being connected to any party, you will do the justice by fight since you are not selfish. Even then, since you are not aware of the background, you must take the advice of a divine personality. But, if you are the party, you shall not be the judge to decide the action since you are sure to be affected by prejudice.]Injustice winning in this world? Never!Shri Partha Sarathi (USA) asked Swami about his financial loss continuously due to the victory of injustice in this world.Swami replied: The injustice will never win because if it happens so in this divine rule of God, it is only blame to His administration. With the limited knowledge of this birth, you cannot decide the justice. In view of all the previous births and the deeds in the previous births, God gives judgment, which is perfectly justified in the wide range of all the previous births. If you criticize God, God will leave you with the due justice as per the cycle of deeds. If you are a devotee of God, God will compensate your financial loss through some other way at a later date.If you are wasting the present time in worry, the compensation of finance may be done but you cannot have the compensation of the lost past time. Hence, you should take the help of the spiritual knowledge and try to be happy even in the misery so that you will not loose both time as well as money. If you are worried, you cannot concentrate on God and your devotion also becomes week and your financial compensation in the future also gets correspondingly reduced. Therefore, you must be brave in the troubles without any worry and maintain the concentrated devotion to God.	
In which language were Ramayana and Mahabharata written	It is classical sanskrit or dhrupadi sanskrit.	
How would the war between Arjuna and Karna have turned out if Lord Krishna wasnt the charioteer of Arjuna and if both had the same celestial weapons or no significant celestial weapons	I regret to burst the bubble of Karna’s supposed greatness once again, but the fact remains that nothing could’ve changed the outcome of the battle unless Arjuna had refused to fight! Why?Karna was firmly entrenched on the path of adharma. He had always known that whatever Duryodhana was doing to the pandavas was wrong, but had still supported him in his ambition and greed. Proof, his sudden lamentations at finding out that the pandavas were his brothers. If you choose to be the henchman of a known baddie and carry out his nefarious works for him knowingly, you’re as guilty as he is.Krishna did give him a chance to join the side of dharma. Karna, burdened with the largesse showered on him by Duryodhana in return for his evil deeds, couldn’t accept. The wealth, recognition, kingdom he had so wanted that he sold his soul for them, were now the noose binding him to Duryodhana. Thus, he sealed his fate and was liable to be punished.Krishna was not Arjuna’s charioteer in Virat war, or the war with gandharvas, or in any of his military campaigns before the war. Krishna was needed by Arjuna for moral guidance and for awakening the warrior within him when he was tangled up in human attachments. They were soulmates and understood each other. Arjuna needed Krishna for his soul, not his chariot. He guided the chariot expertly and was probably the best charioteer of the war, but He didn’t make the chariot fly or make it invisible or increased it’s size or made the chariot fight the war instead of Arjuna! In fact, on the 14th day when Arjuna was at his most destructive following Abhimanyu’s gruesome death, he had fought on foot with mounted foes while Krishna watered the tired horses. He managed to protect his horses and charioteer, as well as keep the mounted forces at bay. Without his chariot, like a true warrior, and with zero whining about being forced to fight on foot! For such a warrior, a one-on-one with any warrior is not dependent on who his charioteer is. Krishna was Arjuna’s charioteer because that was the best way to keep Him close during the war for His guidance.Having the same celestial weapons or not didn’t matter in their fight because Arjuna didn’t use any weapon that Karna didn’t have. He didn’t use Vajra, Brahmashira or Pashupatastra. He mostly used lower level weapons, so much so that Karna even felt insulted and exhorted Arjuna to hit him with higher weapons! If that doesn’t show your enemy what you think of his prowess, I don’t know what does.Ultimately, Karna didn’t last for even half a day against Arjuna. When his chariot wheel got stuck, Karna was already severely wounded and running out of weapons. His support units had either perished or scampered, there was nobody nearby to help him as nobody wanted to enter Arjuna’s line of fire. Even Duryodhana watched from afar and didn’t send anyone to help his friend. Probably because he read the writing on the wall clearly. Karna in his last moments was dividing his time between getting his wheel out and fighting, because he knew Arjuna won’t let anyone come near him, and staying there with empty quivers meant death. So he was focused on getting his wheel out to flee. Anyone else in his place would’ve fought with spears, darts, mace and swords instead of giving up, would’ve challenged Arjuna to a duel with another weapon like so many warriors did in the war before being killed by their opponents, but he didn’t, so intent he was on trying to flee. When a starving, skeletal Arjuna had fought Shiva, once his weapons were exhausted he had resorted to throwing trees and stones at his divine foe, but didn’t give up. When the kauravas were fighting the gandharvas in Ghosh Yatra, despite being overwhelmed Duryodhana had refused to flee. What does it say about Karna?Ultimately it’s not just the accessories and weapons that make a warrior great, but his own skill and mental makeup. Krishna was the greatest charioteer, Gandiva was the greatest bow, Arjuna’s chariot was perfect, Arjuna’s arsenal was the best…these arguments can be used on both sides of the equation. But these things or people, while contributing greatly to make him the best, were not the sole reasons for his success or greatness. Arjuna just wasn’t the type of warrior to flee, or to cause destruction just for the sake of it, or to use his highly destructive weapons indiscriminately, or to boast about himself, or to try to be better than someone else, or to insult his opponents. He believed in fighting fair, but so good was he that his opponents often had to gang up and engage him all together. He didn’t whine about it and instead made fighting multiple foes together his strength. If anyone doubts his skill, they should read about his fights with the Samsaptakas, or his routing of 7 akshouhinis on a single day, or his fight with Duryodhana when the latter was protected by an indestructible armor.A warrior doesn’t become great or best just by being awesome in one battle and dying a glorious death; that just makes him good.Did Krishna protect Arjuna in battle? Of course He did, in His capacity as his charioteer. That was His duty. But did Arjuna survive solely because of Him? No. Did the pandavas win because of Krishna’s guidance and maneuvering? Yes. Could the kauravas have won? No. Because even if everyone had perished from the pandavas side, Krishna wouldn’t have let kauravas win, because they had to be punished.The Mahabharata is not about Karna vs Arjuna or Bhishma vs Arjuna or Duryodhana vs Bhima. It’s about adharma vs dharma, and the victory of dharma. Those who can’t see beyond petty rivalries will never be able to grasp its essence. It’s called the fifth Veda not because of who had a better bow or a bigger arsenal, or who used what tactics, but because of the message it contains. Please focus on the message, not the individuals.	If Krishna was not the charioteer, Arjuna would never have fought war.He wanted to Quit.If Krishna was not the charioteer, and Arjuna had to fight Karna with celestial weapons, I think it shall be very long battle ever fought.Even if Chariot wheel of Karna sunk in mud, Arjuna would have never shot him.If Karna did not know his birth secret and had his ear rings and armour then he would have fought with entire will power, every inch of him trying to kill the opponent.This would have led to victory for KARNA.KARNA is capable to vanquish all 5 Pandavas, if he had a small bit of luck in him.P.S: Only Because KARNA is UNLUCKY, Arjuna became LUCKY.	Its obvious that Karna was far more skilled than Arjun and that despite the support of Lord Krishna and Hanuman and not to forget the curse by Parshuram it took all Arjuna had to defeat Karna. Karna could easily overpower Arjuna but to defeat him he would have to use the divine ‘astras’ and as per the curse by Parshuram Karna would not be able to harness their power when he would need them the most. Thereby giving Arjuna an advantage. Its tough to say who would eventually win, but it would be a grand show to see the two duel at their best	Arjuna came to Kurukshetra to fight with enemies in order to get back his kingdom. He thought that the war is his case and Krishna was hoelping him in his case like an advocate helping the petitioner in his case filed in a court. Arjuna thought that since he is the owner of the case, he can withdraw the case whenever he likes to do so. If the petitioner is not interested to fight the case, the advocate will have no interest to argue it.Arjuna thought that it was not proper to kill his grandfather and teacher for the sake of wealth. His point was also justified. But, Krishna turned the tables diagonally opposite by enlightening Arjuna through the Gita. The analysis of Krishna revealed that the war was His work. Krishna revealed that He is God descended in human form on the earth (Manusheen Tanumashritam…) and wants to destroy the evil forces to establish justice.Therefore, the war becomes the work of God. The advocate turned to be the petitioner of the case and therefore, the case cannot be withdrawn. If the petitioner turns away, the advocate will introduce his name in the name of the petitioner and the case will be re-filed in the court. Krishna made it clear that He is going to destroy the evil forces and since the grandfather and the teacher are the supporters of the injustice, both have to be also killed. Arjuna thought that it is better to kill the evil forces along with his grandfather and teacher and thereby, get the grace of God. If he withdraws from the war, both will not survive in any case and unnecessarily he will be the loser of the divine grace. Hence, he changed his opinion and fought the war.Since God is greater than any worldly bond (Natatsamah… Veda), he was prepared to kill anybody for the sake of God. Except for this one valid point, Arjuna would have not fought even if the reason were the burning heart of his beloved wife, Draupadi. Now, the point is that the war is the work of God and not the materialistic work of Arjuna. The entire message of the Gita is in this context of the work done in the mission of God. Since the war is not the personal work of Arjuna, the message of the Gita cannot apply to the context of routine materialistic works. All the routine worldly works do not fall in the context of the Gita.Only the works of God in which you participate come under the context of the Gita. Whenever you do the work of God, do not aspire any fruit from Him. The human being may forget the work done by you and may not reward you for your work but the omniscient and most generous God will never forget your work. If you aspire for the fruit, a limited fruit, which balances the value of your work will only be given by God. If you do not aspire, you will get unimaginable fruit. Draupadi bandaged the cut finger of Krishna with a piece of cloth torn from her sari and did not aspire for any fruit for doing that little service. Krishna gave her thousands of saris when she was attempted for unclothing.Devotion of Arjuna and HanumanArjuna, being a normal devotee with little faith in Krishna, participated in the work of God (Kurukshetra war) since it was a Holy Mission that helps the society in establishing the justice in the world. Hanuman was a super devotee with immense faith in Rama and hence, participated in the war, which was a personal work of God. The ultimate aim of your service should be to please the God, be it the social work or His personal work. Such devotion is perfect as in the case of Hanuman. The war in Kurukshetra was for the social welfare in one angle and was the personal work of Arjuna only and not at all the personal work of God. Therefore, the participation of Arjuna in the war does not involve high faith and high devotion.In the case of Hanuman, it involves immense faith and devotion. You may think that the war was personal work of Rama in one angle and killing Ravana is social welfare in another angle and therefore, Hanuman participated in the war. Rama removed the second angle when He told that He will go back without killing Ravana if he returns Sita and now, the war was confined to the first angle only. In spite of the war exposed as the personal work of Rama only, Hanuman participated in the war and His aim was to please Rama without analyzing the nature of the work. Hence, Hanuman was rewarded with unimaginable fruit of becoming the future creator of the universe.Fascinations to worldly bonds were destroyed by the preaching of Krishna to ArjunaThe misinterpreted fascination as justice by Arjuna was destroyed by Gita.[Arjuna told in the end of the Gita that his worldly fascination was destroyed (nashto mohah...). This fascination to worldly bonds like bond with his grandfather made him to misinterpret the sin that killing elders will lead to hell. His analysis was based on mainly his personal fascination to his grandfather.Killing a person supporting injustice, rising above the worldly fascination is the merit, which was masked by false logic in projecting the killing of elders as injustice. The fear for sin due to hell by killing elders (as argued by Arjuna) proves that Arjuna is in the level of pravrutti.]Dharmaayaiva himsaa na dhanaaya Gitoddeshah.The aim of killing even elders in the war is not for property, but to give warning against injustice.[Even the first chapter of the Gita is not perfectly understood by us since we favour our relations in selecting for a job in interview and in inviting the relatives primarily for our functions! What to speak of other chapters of the Gita?Arjuna established that not killing the elders for the sake of just property is the justice. This is the misinterpretation of the decision of Krishna to proceed with the war, the aim of which is not property, but to condemn the injustice for the establishment of justice as a message to the world in future.Hence, the entire Gita turned the goal of war in a new direction, which supports killing even relations to warn against the sin. Arjuna was convinced by this new direction of a different goal and started to fight the war. Even Krishna did not direct Pandavas for the war with any selfish motive of enjoyment of kingdom won since after the war Krishna left the kingdom immediately without staying even for one day.]Mithyaadharmatyaagah pravruttau satdharmasyaapi nivruttau.Even though the real justice is to be dropped against God in nivrutti, in this pravrutti, Krishna means the false justice proposed by Arjuna.[Arjuna established that withdrawal from the war is the justice and its hidden background is the excess fascination to his grandfather, which prevents him to do war. Arjuna is in the level of pravrutti only as indicated by his fear for hell in doing the injustice. Krishna explained the actual goal of the war and advised Arjuna to drop even the justice, which should not be voted against God.This does not mean that Arjuna is a Nivrutti-devotee, who shall vote for God against even real justice. Arjuna is not in the level of Nivrutti like Radha. Here, the justice to be dropped by Arjuna (sarvadharmaan parityajya... Gita) is not the actual justice to be dropped in Nivrutti. It is only unreal justice projected by Arjuna as real justice by false logic since the basis is his blind fascination to his grandfather.If Radha is in the place of Arjuna, the justice to be dropped is real justice because God is to be voted against even the real justice. A sharp analysis and careful understanding is required here. The verse told by Krishna appears to apply to nivrutti level in exterior sense, but, it applies to pravrutti level in the inner context of Arjuna. Whether Arjuna understood the inner sense of this verse is doubtful because after the war, he refused to get down from the chariot even though Krishna ordered so!]Maargavimarshah kaaryah saavadhanena.The means justifying ends are to be carefully analyzed if a party becomes judge.[This is the reason for the concept that the affected party shall not draw the judgement in its own case. Hence, Arjuna fell on the feet of Krishna, a third party, for judgement. Here, God is the judge and the judgement must be perfectly correct since God is omniscient. The human judge is based on witness (which may be false) or sometimes may become corrupt and give a wrong judgement to go to hell.Party becoming judge exploits the logic in its favour and draws unjust judgement in the line that ends justify means. To warn against such exploitation of souls, Rama and Krishna underwent punishments even though their judgements in their cases were perfectly correct, supporting the line that means justify ends (killing of Vali by Rama and killing of Kauravas by cheating by Krishna). Hence, while harming bad people, one should be very careful and impartial in the analysis based on the line of means justifying ends.]Paapashokamokshah sharanaagatyaa Gitah.Gita says that surrender by total attraction to God gives salvation from all sins and resulting miseries.[The rest part of this verse means that the devotee shall completely surrender to God leaving the analysis of justice and injustice in a context. Such total surrender means full attachment to God, which totally removes the fascination to worldly bonds avoiding sins and resulting miseries. This is said to be the total liberation from all worries.The total surrender to God will make the devotee to follow whatever is said by God after perfect self-analysis also (Aham tvaa sarvapaapebhyah...). With the help of the spiritual knowledge of God, one can follow the path of realization, repentance and non-repetition of sin to get relief from all sins. The Gita says that devotion to God transforms the soul to become relieved from sins (kshipram bhavati dharmaatmaa…).]Dharmaraajah paakshikapratyayah na paraagatih.Dharma Raja due to partial faith in Satguru, Krishna, did not reach ultimate abode of God.[Dharma Raja realized Krishna as human incarnation, but, in practice, he failed to surrender totally to God due to common repulsion of media. He did not accept to tell a lie for killing teacher, who is supporting injustice.For this rigidity in pravrutti, he was made to see the hell and did not cross the third temporary world called as heaven. Arjuna followed the orders of Krishna through total surrender in killing unjust enemies through unjust ways and reached the abode of God in due course of time. These are the fruits of total faith and partial faith in Satguru respectively.]Not causing pain to good person and justification of fundamentals of case justified war through preaching.[In implementing justice looking like injustice, two points are essential: 1) Your explanation shall convince the party effected so that it will not be pained in its mind any more since the highest justice is that you shall not pain a good soul (Ahmisaa paramo dharmah) and 2) the fundamentals of justice related to the particulars of the case must be protected. Arjuna wanted to withdraw from the war so that one need not kill grandfather and teacher for the sake of property.Krishna convinced Arjuna through the Gita so that Arjuna was not at all pained to fight in the war. By this, the first point is fulfilled. Regarding the second point, war was justified since it was not with the aim of gaining the property, but, the main aim is to teach the world that intensive injustice like insulting a lady to unclothe in the court must be severely punished, which includes the punishment of all the supporters of injustice irrespective of other reasons like elderliness.]Naandhoktih vachasaa pratikriyaa syaat.The comment of blind king is not correct. Reaction to words must be through words only.[If the fundamentals of justice are not protected, mere convincing the affected party is not justified since such preaching is only a brain wash.Dhrutarashtra told Sanjaya that Krishna washed the brain of Arjuna through the Gita and provoked him to kill even the elder relatives. Such comment might have been correct if the fundamentals of the case of the war are not justified.If the basis of war is only to get the property back, in such case, the above comment becomes justified. God wanted to give a very serious warning to the world that such climax of injustice to unclothe a lady in public will be severely punished, which may involve even killing of a great soul like Bhishma.Bhishma kept silent over the unjust scene and hence, was punished. The message here is that if you are going on the way and find some injustice happening and if you pass away silently in spite of your capability to stop it, you will be punished like Bhishma! It is true that Draupadi insulted Duryodhana by some bad words in the court called Mayasabha. That could have been retorted by Duryodhana through some similar words, but, for that, trying to unclothe Draupadi is boundless reaction and is the greatest sin to be punished severely.]Yathecchasiti na balavadbodhah.Since Krishna told that Arjuna can do as per His will, Gita is not a brain wash.[Krishna simply analyzed and did not force Arjuna to kill the elders by turning the mind of Arjuna through His miraculous power. After giving the analysis, Krishna told Arjuna to analyze again and take the final decision as per his will (Yathecchasi…). If it is intellectual brain wash, such freedom is never given.After the preaching by Krishna, Arjuna killed his grandfather without any pain in the mind and hence the climax of justice that a good person like Arjuna shall not be pained is protected. Non-violence shall be in the case of a good person only but not in the case of everybody without discrimination. In such case, the cruel sinners will create chaos in this world without any obstruction! Without understanding this background, some ignorant Jains say that Krishna has gone to hell for being the cause of such mighty war!]God's work Vs Worldly workThe real meaning of karmaphala tyagaYou must work for God by detaching yourself from your liking for fruit and from the actual fruit alsoThe Veda said that sacrifice of fruit of work alone is the path of real love to the God as in the case of issues (Dhanena tyagena…).The detachment from fruit should also continue even after achieving the fruit because the fruit of your work should be dedicated to God, the real giver of fruits. This is called as Karmaphala tyaga in which you have to always maintain concentration on work and detachment for fruit. The detachment for fruit is not meant for achieving the fruit successfully as explained above, whereas it is for sacrificing the fruit to God.You are adapting this technique till you achieve the fruit and then forgetting this clue so that you can avoid sacrifice of fruit to God. The reason for this is your fascination for yourself and for your family. As the fascination is diverted to God, the fruit of work also gets diverted to God.Similarly, the dedication of work is called as Karma Samnyasa. People while translating the Gita say that the meaning of karmaphala tyaga is to detach from liking for fruit and not actually detaching from fruit. Fantastic! You say that you have no liking for your salary (fruit of work) and take the salary for your enjoyment!In fact, if you are detached from liking to salary, certainly, you will work in the job in excellent way. This is a good policy in worldly activities but not in the divine activity for God. In the case of God, you should be detached from the fruit as well as liking from the fruit, whereas in the case of worldly job, you must be detached only from the liking for the fruit and not from the actual fruit since your selfish employer is not God.In worldly work, you must work by converting all energy into work and not spending even a trace of it in liking for the fruit, but, you shall take the fruit because your employer is not God. You must work for God by detaching yourself from your liking for fruit and from the actual fruit also. The Gita says about your delink from fruit and not about your delink from liking to fruit! (Phalam tyaktvaa…).Delinking from fruit includes delinking from your liking for fruit also, but not vice versa. Both should be delinked in the case of God, whereas delinking from liking for fruit (for doing work more efficiently) should be done in the case of worldly employer and in the end, you should not delink from fruit and you shall accept the fruit.The translators of the Gita feared this that the Gita says to delink from fruit (salary) after doing the worldly work and hence modified this delink from fruit as delink from liking for fruit. This should not be extended to the case of God also. The Gita always said about work (karma) and its fruit only in the case of God everywhere, which should not be generalized and applied for worldly works also.The work for God is called as Karma Yoga, where Yoga indicates the association with God. The highest level of true love is only in the sacrifice of fruit (karmaphala tyaga) to God by giving butter meant for their children to Krishna as seen in the case of Gopikas, the house-holders, in the Bhagavatam. The sacrifice of work in the case of house-holders is certainly secondary as we see the case of the Bharatam, where Arjuna, a house-holder, sacrificed only work (fighting in the war for destroying injustice, the work of God.The fight of Arjuna was certainly sacrifice of work to God and not for selfish goal to achieve kingdom since he refused to fight for kingdom in the beginning itself. After hearing the Gita, he realized that his fight is not for selfish desire, but, for participation in the work of God to establish justice). Hence, the Veda said that sacrifice of fruit of work alone is the path of real love to the God as in the case of issues (Dhanena tyagena…). Based on this crucial point, the Bhagavatam is greater than the Bharatam.I know, a friend of mine told Me “vacation of Dasara is given and there is no tuition since students also have gone to homes. Let me go to Puttaparti (Satya Sai) and serve there so that at least I can have free meals there, which is also an earning”! This concept of sacrifice of work along with fruit of work is for house-holders only and not for saints, who can sacrifice the work alone.Therefore, the sacrifice of work alone is meant for Samnyasins or saints and this is indicated by the word Samnyasa in karma-samnyasa or sacrifice of work. Hence, the sacrifice of work should be always accompanied by sacrifice of some fruit of work also as divine offering (Dakshina) in the case of house-holders.	ARJUNA /NARA the part of the BODY of KRUSHNA/NARAYANA BORNED to make END of KARNA/SAHASRAKAVACHA to whom ONLY ONE SHIELD/KAVACHA left out of 999 was protecting ĶARNA’s BODY who was running to save his life in the GALAXY and met NARADA the co-ordinator of NARAYAN and had the advice and met SURYA who is also a part of NARAYAN in other words SURYANARAYAN and got BORNED as HUMAN /HUMAN LIFE to which DEATH is must by leaving AATMA.As such ARJUNA/NARA did not needed any WEAPONS to kill KARNA/SAHASRAKAVACHA with out any ĶAVACHA/SHIELD and got KILLED by ÒRDINORY sastra/weapon even get be killed with any touch of ÀRJUNA meant to kill KARNA,but not by any ASTRA which will be used by MUNTRAS/MANTRIES /DEVINE POWERED SASTRAS.It means ARJUNA /NARA part of NARAYAN was empowered by meditation of 1000 years and fight of 1000 years made end of the life of the DEMON. From:-MitaiMohan.	Lord Krishna is omnipresent, He need not be as a charioter to Arjuna. Still he wd hv helped him out. Moreover Agent of Lord Krishna, Vaayu devata was present on Arjunas flag. its a matter of just a second for Vaayu devata to finish off the mighty Kaurava Army.another mighty warrior of Pandavas BHEEMSENA who is actually a VAAYU AVTAAR was also on battlefield. he alone wd hv killed the kaurava army.ARJUNA was destined fr this victory and Lord Krishna wd hv in any case wd hv made him victorious.	
Why was Arjuna called Anagha by Krishna How was he really the sinless one	Anagha translates into the sinless one.Arjun was in fact the most honourable character in the entire Mahabharata. He is one of the greatest archers of his time, an Atirath and the most feared warrior in the world. Yet he is named , 'Bibhatsu' , the one who is never gortesque in warfare( the only time I found to be an exception is when he cut off Vurissraba’s hands while he was battling somebody else). He doesn't attack first. While battling with Bhisma, Dron and Kripa, the first of his arrows pierce the ground before them and pass beside their ears, signifying pranam and kushalprasna.While Dhristadumna rushes forward to behead the weaponless Dronacharya, it is only Arjuna forbidding him. He did not wish to kill Karna when the wheels of his charriot got stuck into the earth but ultimately has to succumb to Krishna’s wishes.Also at the beginning of the war, he refuses to battle his family for materialistic gains.(“ na kankhe vijayang Krishna, Nacho rajya sukhanicho..” As to why he finally agreed to battle them thereafter is the Bhagwad Gita.)Among all the others Pandavas only he is seen to have genuine human sentiments. He grieves the loss of Ghatotkacha and becomes unconscious when he learns about Abhimanyus death. He even reprimands Bheema when he unethically breaks Duryadhana’s knee and leaves him to die.He was the most handsome man and women adored him. Yet he did not ever touch a woman against her wishes. He won Draupadi yet did not protest when she was married to all his brothers to honour his mother’s words. He went on a 12 year long Brahmacharya to make up for his mistake of entering the room of Yudhistira and Krishnaaa even when Yudhisthira tried to dissuade him.He was the master of sleep and could control his senses. He was also a man of principle.He refused to sleep with the most beatiful Urvasi, a celestial beaty as because she mothered the Kuru clan once upon a time, though she offered herself to him and cursed him when he declined her offer. He refused Uttaraa’s hand in marriage stating that a student was equivalent to a daughter to her Guru.There are many more examples. He is one of the protagonists of the great epic and it is not possible to analyse his character within the brief scope of this answer.	If one goes through the mahAbhAraTa, one will note that Arjuna was the only one who can not be accused of any sin on his own volition.Even DharmapuTra who is painted as personification of righteousness has committed many sins, the most deplorable being the dice game betting on his wife.	We get the karmafala only when we are attached to that karma. It is often said that if you do any karma by remaining aloof you will not get affected by it. Similarly, if Arjuna remains aloof when doing anything he will not get affected. So he is said sinless.	
How was Arjuna the foremost of men	ARJUNA was BLESSED by Sri KRUSHNA,Dearest of BHISHMA, Dearest efficient Student of Guru DRONACHARYA, Respected for Non ENMITY by KOURAVAS.SacrifiEd his DROUPADI among ALL BROTHERS PANDAVAS to RESPECT mother KUNTI’ wording,Paid Motherly Respect to RUMBA of INDRALOKA,he was PHALGUNA,PART HA, KIRITI, GANDIVA DHARI,POCESSOR of PASUPATASRA,BRAMHASTRA,AKCHAYA TUNIRAVA,SAVYASACHI, NATYACHARI,EXPERT YUDHHA YUHAS EVEN most CRiTICLE PADMAYUHA,even he had chance of Killing all KOURAVAS,excused with affection while GOGRAHANA tooks place.FINALLY HE was UNABLE to start WAR FIGHT in MAHABHARATHA WAR till LORD KRUSHNA,s MESSAGE BHAGAVADGEETA.That was ARJUNA the FORE MOST of MEN	Well, the answer I am giving in context to the Bhagavata Purana is something kind of offending, or funny- but exact. According to Bhagavata, Krishna and Arjuna were Nara Narayana, man and god. Arjuna is more man than any other men in the world, because he has only one nipple. Now nipple is a symbol of femininity. And, Krishna is purnapurush the complete man with no nipples.	
What made Mahabharata the most epic war	There are many reasons, which impart the epic nature to the Mahabharata war. First of all, it was essentially between the members of the same family. Secondly, for the first time, kings from all over the indian subcontinent, irrespective of their individual or military strength, had willingly taken part in a single war. Thirdly, it was both a war for rightful legitimacy as well as sovereign supremacy, as the winner was bound to become the supreme ruler of the entire indian subcontinent.	Mahabharata is a replica of our Vedas and Shaastras.Bhagwan Vishnu took AVATAAR for this purpose and gave lessons to us thru Arjuna.Every person in this war is an example for us to learn the real DHARMA. Dos and Donts in our lives.It shows us the real strength of Dharma and also BHEEM who is nothing but VAAYU DEVATA or Hanumaan what we address him in daily routine.Human Being being a sentimental person feels sad abt few characters in Mahabharata like we feel about Guru Drona,Ekalavya and Karna, but Mahabharata tell us the reason of their sufferings. we as humans immediately judge by what we see or hear but Dharma has its own parameters to chek who is who. Therefore being good these guys cd nt stand infront of Arjuna though he being much Junior to them.Few of the characters had Rudra avesha, Surya avesha etc but they cd not stand infront of Arjuna and Bheema.so the gist of MB is follow what Bhagwan Hari says and what he says is Veda and Shaastra.	Okay, I got your question and I will try to answer it from whatever little I know.Consider yourself a writer and now focus on things written below -Keeping historical records of fifty generations, places they lived, wars they won and kingdoms they conquered.Maintaining personal records of prominent people of the time. What they did? What was the thing they were good at?Recording philosophical ideas of some great thinker which are still relevant.Showing different shades of a human psychology like lust for throne, a blind man deeply in love with his brat and a pious lady who covered her eyes for the man she loved.People getting cursed for their lust. People granting boons which were harmful for themselves and people getting boons which were harmful for themselves. People going to extreme for vengeance.Every story is linked to three or more background stories like Shikhandi, Amba and Bhishma.Characterisation such as a boy who used to steal milk and butter in his childhood gave Geeta to the world.I could keep on going forever but my point will still be same that even if it is a literary work then the one who has written it surely created the greatest epic.	
Why was Arjuna so beloved to Lord Krishna What qualities of Arjuna made Lord Krishna his charioteer and also to give him the Bhagvad Gita knowledge	There are several reasons for this. Let’s analyse them one by one.Krishna says “All of them—as they surrender unto Me—I reward accordingly. Everyone follows My path in all respects, O son of Prtha.” [BG 4.11]. So in whichever way a person approaches or worships Krishna, Krishna would reward him/her in the same way. For example, if someone (like Daruka) approaches Krishna as servant, Krishna would reward him as master, someone may approach Him as enemy (like Shishupala, Jarasandha, Duryodhana, Kamsa), then as enemy Krishna would reward him, for others who wanted Krishna as son (like Nanda Maharaja, Yashoda), Krishna would reward them as son. Similarly Arjuna was always devoted to Lord Krishna as His friend without any envy which was admitted by Krishna also[1] [2] . Therefore Lord Krishna started rewarding Arjuna as friend in so many ways like being Arjuna’s charioteer, helping Arjuna during the war, giving the message of Gita, giving His sister Subhadra’s hand to Arjuna and many such.Among the 5 Pandavas, Arjuna was of the same age as that of Krishna. Hence Krishna bonded most with Arjuna compared to the other Pandavas.In Their previous incarnations, Arjuna was Nara and Lord Krishna was Narayana. Nara was the direct expansion of Narayana i.e. Krishna. In other words Arjuna was the direct expansion of Krishna. So definitely They shared great bonding between each other. They were almost similar with respect to nature, beauty, valour, popularity amongst peers just that Krishna exhibited more divine powers while Arjuna exhibited more manly powers.So to summarise, the main reason why Krishna was fond of Arjuna was the devotion of Arjuna towards Krishna in the mood of friendship.Hare Krishna.Footnotes[1] The Most Confidential Knowledge, Text 1.[2] Transcendental Knowledge, Text 3.	Arjuna and Lord Krishna were cousin brothers. Arjun was very fond of him and called him “keshav”. Krishna used to call Arjun as “paarth”. Arjun was the most fascinating amongst all his brothers. He was gentle, brave, courageous, well equipped in warfare. These qualities of Arjun made Lord Krishna his charioteer. Arjun has always obeyed Krishna’s advice.When kurukshetra war was going to begin then Duryodhan and Arjun both went to Krishna to request him to fight from their respective sides. Krishna had put forth two objectives before them 1 either to take narayani sena of Krishna or 2 Krishna himself alone will be war without any sort of arms and weapons. So, Arjun opted for second one and eventually Krishna become his charioteer.Since Krishna was Arjun's charioteer and Arjun was utter confused whether to fight the war or not. So Krishna gave him the bhagwad gita knowledge and asked him fight.“Karma karo phal ki chinta mat karo”“Yada yada hi dharmasya, glanir bhavti bharata, abhyuth thanam adhamasya, tadatmanam srajamyaham”	Krishna is also known as śad-Aishvarya purna Bhagavan. He has the following opulences in totality: 1.Beauty 2.Strength 3.Fame 4.Knowledge 5.Riches 6.Renunciation.He is also known also atma-rama. Completely satisfied within himself. He does not require to do anything in this world. This is evident from the following sloka:na me parthasti kartavyam trisu lokesu kincana nanavaptam avaptavyam varta eva ca karmaniO son of Prtha, there is no work prescribed for Me within all the three planetary systems. Nor am I in want of anything, nor have I need to obtain anything--and yet I am engaged in work.How can you please such a person who doesn't require anything and who has everything. In other words what can you do to attract Krishna.On the other hand, what do we possess to show Krishna. What quality can we show Krishna to attract his attention. Please read the following verse from Bhagavat Gita:yad yad vibhutimat sattvamsrimad urjitam eva vatat tad evavagaccha tvammama tejo-'msa-sambhavamTRANSLATIONKnow that all beautiful, glorious, and mighty creations spring from but a spark of My splendor.Also, everything belongs to god. What can we offer him, if nothing belongs to us?Yet there one thing which is solely in our posession which Krishna is mad after. Arjuna knew this secret. Dear readers, it is nothing other than devotion. It is only our bhakti which can attract Krishna. We can offer the whole kingdom but Krishna may not be satisfied but if we offer a tulasi leaf with devotion he becomes satisfied. Please read the following sloka from Bhagavad Gita:patram puspam phalam toyamyo me bhaktya prayacchatitad aham bhakty-upahrtamasnami prayatatmanahIf one offers Me with love and devotion a leaf, a flower, fruit a water, I will accept it.Krsna time and time again says the same thing in the Gita:That very ancient science of the relationship with the Supreme is today told by Me to you because you are My devotee as well as My friend; therefore you can understand the transcendental mystery of this science. (Bhagavad Gita As It Is 4.3)The Supreme Personality of Godhead said: Listen again, O mighty-armed Arjuna. Because you are My dear friend, for your beneﬁt I shall speak to you further, giving knowledge that is better than what I have already explained. (Bhagavad Gita 10.1)In fact Krishna takes this to the extreme. He even leaves his godhood for the sake of love and devotion. No other incarnation or even Narayana does that. He sacrifices his godhood just to have loving relationships with his devotees.Only Krishna can make himself subordinate to his devotee and become his chariot driver.Only Krishna who is feared by fear personified can become fearful of YashodaIts only Krishna who can give the position of a mother to Putana, the demoness who came to kill him.This is the secret of all the scriptures.Srimad Bhagavatam is filled with such exchanges between devotees therefore it is the topmost of all scriptures. Please read it.Thanks for reading.	MAHABHARATA and RAMAYANA are the epics thru which Bhagwan Vishnu pass on the message to us.These are nithing but Vedas in common language, easy to understand.Arjuna is an INDRAAMSHA. So he needs to win the war against ASURAS.one BHEEMSENA was enough to kill all kauravas but since BHEEMSEN is an VAAYUAMSHA , there ws no need for him to step in.Indra is nothibg but lord of our sensory organs and thru Bhagwadgeeta Lord Krishna has taught us to control our emotions and organs.Hope this will suffice fr now.Arjuna had lot of other qualities which made him favourite of Krishna.it is POORVAJANMA PUNYA which made him favourite of lord krishna.	There are various reasons for which Arjuna was dear to Lord Krishna. As per most of the puranas and the Mahabharata itself, Krishna and Arjuna were the incarnations of the famous vedic seers, Nara and Narayana. Both of them were partial incarnations of Lord Vishnu and were the sons of Dharma Deva. As the elder brother, Narayana was highly fond of his younger brother, Nara. Secondly, as per a few puranas, Arjuna was a partial incarnation of Lord Shiva himself and the mutual love between Vishnu and Shiva is quite evident in most of the major religious texts of Hinduism. Finally, he was the friend, cousin, devotee, disciple, brother in law and a most trustworthy assistant of Lord Krishna.Regarding the criteria of his eligibility for receiving the Bhagavad-Gita from the Lord himself, we can simply sum up that as he was chosen by the Lord himself, he must be the best deserving candidate to achieve this honour.	Arjuna is considered to be beloved cousin of lord Krishna.He was intelligent but never had pride of it.He was a curious person and had a zeal for knowledge.He always followed dharma and made righteous decisions.Though he is considered as a best archer,he was not arrogant.He was good looking person and also had a very good character.He supported humanity and has lot of love for everyone.	
Is there any book to read the entire Mahabharat in a single volume no matter how big it is	You can always go for the original Mahabharta Book, written by Ved Vyasa himself. Although if you go for printed version it comes under 2–8 volumes.If you go for online version(ebook) then you may get it in 1 volume. Just google http://archives.org -> mahabharat in sanskrit and hindi .The story of mahabharat is so deep and detailed that different writters have given different views on the story. But for the original one, you will have to refer the one written by Shri Ved Vyas ji available by Geeta Press. The story being so long that printing it in one volume will make it practically very difficult to manage. But still try at some big Geeta press shop and you may find all volumes in one.	Well personally, my reading of mahabharata has been restricted toNcert Mahabharata - Class 7As for the book , it is a bit brief about the incidents that happen during the entire epic and I believe its a good book if you just want to get yourself started.As for others there are books depicting the entire story line but these are arranged in volumes of 3 to 8 books which I feel is largely because the story itself is so huge and has many plots and characters which practically speaking might be difficult to put together in one book.As I said My reading of Mahabharata has been very limited butI would personally like you to take a look at these following books. The list is comprised of books that are popular and well received by the general public.Complete Edition (Uabridged)1. The Mahabharata of Krishna-Dwaipayana Vyasa by Kisari Mohan Ganguli2. The Mahabharata by Bibek Debroy (Indian Masterpiece)Multi Volume Edition (but still abridged)3. Sankshipt Mahabharat from Gita Press4. Mahasamar by Narendra Kohli5. Mahabharata A Modern Rendering by Ramesh MenonAbridged Edition6. Jaya by Devdutt Pattanaik7. The Mahabharata (Penguin Classics) by John D Smith (A popular translation)8. Mahabharat by Kamala SubramaniamAgain, I haven’t read any of these books so take a look at them before getting started. All said the Mahabharata is a huge story in itself, so be a little patient while completing these books as they say, “Good books don’t reveal all their secrets at once”.Happy Reading.	HeyI want to tell you that there are various books that tell the story of Mahabharat with and without many tales. But there are also books that tell the story of Mahabharat from various perspectives.I've read The Palace of Illusions, the one that tells the stories from the viewpoint of Draupadi. It is written by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni. This is one of the best books that I've read till now and I'd suggest you to get a copy of it for free from The Palace Of Illusions. It was tge best experience reading it.Some others are based on the stories of Mahabharat or are derived from them like Sita by Amish. All other books written by Amish are also based on Mahabharat and take the story further by deriving the characters further. You can get the copies here Books.You can also find many more books on Mahabharat on the website by searching for them on it. The books are free and can be bought easily.HindiThe link for the website is MyPustakHope you enjoy reading them…	Ya there are textbooks but i do not remember the exact name but there are books also class 7 students are taught mahabharat in that book you can get complete of it.	Hi there! I would suggest if you read Mahabharata by C. Rajagopalachari which is an abridged version.	Look for Kamala Subramaniam’s retelling of the Mahābhārata - single volume.	
Where Yadavas during Krishnas time recognized as Kshatriyas If not how they were able to rule kingdoms	Yadavas were Kshatriyas. In fact, they were known popularly as Vrishni kula. Plus, I would like to quote an incident from Mahabharata. In Aadi Parva, Chapter 138, Karna would confront Arjuna in the tournament only to be stopped by Kripaacharya who states “Sons of Kings never fight with men of inglorious heritage.” Duryodhana retaliates saying “Acharya, certainly Shastras have it that three classes of people can become king - persons with good heritage (Satkula in Sanskrit), heroes (Shoora in Sanskrit) and lastly those who lead armies (Sena in Sanskrit).” Bhishma, Vidura and Yudhishthira (who fully know Dharma) present there didn’t oppose this statement making it valid. Hence, even in this context Yadavas are very well Kshatriyas.	Gokul was not a kingdom but a small village in the kingdom of Mathura which was ruled by Kansa.Krishna was a kshtriya by birth and adopted by yadavas of Gokul.	
Why did Lord Vishnu accept Dev Rishi Narad s curse	Lord Vishnu can be cursed only when He wishes it this way. And why he wants so ?Because He needs some reason to play his Leela, though sometimes exact reason would be difficult to find.Narada's curse to Lord Vishnu is one such example.Lord Vishnu accept the curse of Narad Muni only to fulfill the curses against Jaya and Vijaya, who will became Kumbhakarna and Ravana, in their upcoming births.So Lord Vishnu, according to curse has to take birth and kill both of them to release them from their curse.The story of Jaya Vijaya curse is mentioned in below link :Radhika's answer to What was the reason behind Sishupal's hatred for Lord Krishna?	
If Devi Rukmini is an avatar of Lakshmi mata who is Radha	Radha is the avtar of Lalita(Adishakti or tantrik Parvati).Even godddess laxmi&Saraswati are also merely clone of goddess Lalita	
Who is Uruvi the outcast s Queen	An Imaginary character,who is believed to be Karna’s wife.	
Who is the brother of Pandu that is not Dhritarashtra	Vidhura is another brother of pandu and Dhritarashtra. He is actually tje son of vyasa .He is the person who helped in the matter of kingdom decision , in the matter of which and who should be the king of Hastinapura. So,hence that’s why they considered vidhura as their brother.	Visit was the brother of Pandu.He was the third fchildrom maharishi VedVyas and a Dasi.	
Was Duryodhana egoistic	Yes up to some extent he is egoistic in Mahabharata, but more than egoistic he is a highly foolish person. His foolishness only gave him defeat and death because foolishness is more danger than ego because ego will raise only in sometimes in life but foolishness always push you to down and it will degrade you throughout your life.Let me explain his foolishness with help of one important incident in great epic.Seeking help from Krishna:As Kurukshetra war was coming in a few days, both Pandavas and Kauravas were busy in building up their armies and extending their strengths to showcase in the great battle of history. Normally Kauravas have more army in the form of warriors and horses and elephants when compared to Pandavas.Both Kauravas and Pandavas wanted to seek help from Lord Krishna to strengthen their powers in war. So from Kauravas side Duryodhana and from Pandavas side, Arjuna stood up to the task and ready to go to Dwaraka, the city of Krishna to seek help. Lord Krishna has a well-trained army with 10,000 warriors.At first, Duryodhana came to Krishna, he found Krishna was sleeping. But Krishna was pretending because he knows everything before what was going to happen. So pretending like sleeping. Then Duryodhana came up and sat down. Duryodhana saw that Krishna's legs were pointed at him. He did not like it so he went and sat close to the head of Krishna.After sometime Arjuna came up and sat at the legs of Krishna and waiting for him to wake up. Krishna started to pretend to wake up. Then he saw Arjuna was sitting near his legs. So he told like "Oh Arjuna you came" and Arjuna replied "Yes Lord I came", then Duryodhana tried to show his presence to Krishna he made small voice with his throat. Then Krishna told like "Duryodhana you also came".Then both Arjuna and Duryodhana said that they came here to see your help, Krishna. Then Krishna said like these "Both of you came here for the same thing, so I am making it clear that what I have to offer for you both. I would put one side all my army and another side myself. But I will not fight in the war but always be with you".Then Krishna gave the first choice to Arjuna and asked him to chose what he wants. Then Duryodhana interfered and said like this "I came first so I deserved the first choice". But Krishna said first I saw Arjuna so first choice will go for him.Continue reading remaining interesting story here: Mistake Of Duryodhana Which Caused His Defeat in Mahabaratha	
Why did Kunti choose to tie a rakhi only at Abhimanyu s hand to protect him during the Kurukshetra War but not to Draupadis children	You are wrong.It was not Kunti, but it was Draupdi, who had tied up the Rakhi to the hand of Abhimanyu, in order to his protection in the Mahabhart war. Druapid would love Abhimanyu, because, she loved more than her children.Abhimanyu was most beloved son of Subhadhra and he was Loved by Lord Sri Krishn.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	It was not kunti who tied a knot to abhimanyu,it was draupadi herself …..Draupadi loved abhimanya more than her own children and he has a major postion in war too……so it's an act of pure motherly love from draupadi	
Does anyone actually find Tanushree s response to be epic	I lost patience after the first statement from Sardesai ,”Saajish by sanathan sanstha lawyer” and then i stopped playing the video..NDTV and Sardesai wants to always bring RSS /Sanathan in everything they say. They try to provoke people just like that… NDTV has partisan anchors and ulterior motives and they just manipulate news and provoke people…	
From where did Barbarik came in Mahabharata What is the relevance of his character in the story Why did Krishna cut his head off	Barbariak was grandson of bhima & Hidimba and son of gatotkach and Ahilawati. He was one of the warriors who were able to end the whole Mahabharata yudha in a matter of seconds. He was having three arrow given to him by Lord Shiva which were sufficient to end whole battle. And he had came to participate in this fight from pandva side. It was Krishna who had taught him morals and sent him to his guru from where he had completed his education. The only problem was he had promised his guru that in every battle he will take side of the losing side. The result would be whenever he will fight from any side the other would be losing and he will change his side till both sides are wholly destroyed. Krishna knew it and that's why he asked Barbarik to gift his head to him as gurudakshina and Barbarik himself cut and gave his head happily. After the and of fight Krishna attached his head again from his body and make him alive. And gave him blessings. Barbarik is none other than “God Shyam” and you can say Barbarik was one of avatar’s of Lord Vishnu only.As he was willing to take part in battle, but before he could join it, Krishna had asked him to give his head, He neither become a part of this battle and nor a part of Mahabharata.The timing of this incident was few days before the Great battle was to start.For further information search on Wikipediahttps://www.google.co.in/url?sa=...	Barbarik is not in real Mahabharat because son of Gatotkacha was Anjanparvan who died at hands of Ashwathama. Barbarik is not even in a single line in Mahabharat of vyasa and is later addition to skanda puran.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Why do people believe in the story of Barbarik despite its non-existence in any of the authentic versions of Mahabharata that include Gitapress, Southern versions and Bori?Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to How did Barbarika, son of Ghatotgacha get to hear the Gita directly along with Sanjaya & Arjuna?	
According to our Hindu mythology everything is cyclic so how are Hanuman Ji Ashwathama and others immortal	So you have to understand that by cycle it is meant that this universe has a start and an end and a start again and so on. These Chiranjeeve’s will be there till the end of this cycle. In the next cycle there will be another Lord Hanuman who will be there for the duration of the life of entire universe.Please also read this answer, may be it’ll help you understand betterAnurag Jajoo's answer to Why didn't Hanuman stop Lord Ram from ending his life?	The final stage of the entire divine knowledge is expected to be the practical service to the Lord who comes to this earth in every human generation, without aspiring any fruit for such service and sacrifice rendered by you. The complete example for this is Hanuman. You must understand the Philosophy of Hanuman which should lead you in recognizing the present human incarnation on this earth and to participate in His service without aspiring any fruit in return. If this philosophy of Hanuman is not understood, there is no use of the temples of Hanuman and various methods of worship of Hanuman.Ofcourse, they serve the purpose of giving you the inspiration to fix your concentration on Hanuman. But what is the use if you have not gained the real guidance from Him in the spiritual path? You are going to the school regularly in time. You have the uniform and all the books. You have good teachers in the school. But what is the use of all this when you do not learn the knowledge from the school? The entire life of Hanuman is only sacrifice and selfless service to the human form of the Lord.You shall be ashamed of your entire path of worship. You are asking all types of boons with very wide range starting from this world to the upper world. Initially He has fulfilled some of your desires which are proper because the health, mental peace and wealth are necessary as the basis for spiritual effort. But you are not satisfied with the basis and you are proceeding in to the wrong line from the basis, in which you desire for more and more worldly comforts which in excess are called as luxuries.After achieving the basic needs you must travel in right line by learning the philosophy of Hanuman. He got a job under the king Sugriva and settled Himself with the basic needs. Then He searched for the human incarnation and He was waiting in Kishkindha for the Lord in the human form. What have you done? Did you search for the human incarnation? He was not worshiping the statues in the temples with all the unnecessary extra rituals, which are manipulated by the priests for their benefits. Ofcourse, the statues and shrines serve the purpose of inspiration about God and seeing the statues and photos (Darsanam) is sufficient. Ofcourse, the extra rituals which are the various methods of worship to the statues in human form also serve the purpose of removing egoism and jealousy towards human form provided you are suffering with egoism and jealousy. But Hanuman was not at all having such egoism and jealousy. He never remembers His strength and feels Himself as zero.But, what about you? You never remember the defects and limits of your little strength and always feel yourself as a hero. You are not at all searching for the Satguru who is the human form of the Lord that exists in your generation. The Lord is impartial to any generation and so comes in every generation in human form. The human form of Lord came to Hanuman and He recognized the Lord in the very first sight itself. In your case even if the human incarnation comes to you and shows some proof to you, you are not recognizing the Lord. You will say that all the proof is only illusion or magic. After recognizing the Lord, Hanuman used Himself for the work of the Lord. In your case, even if you recognize Him, you try to use Him for solutions of your personal problems. Hanuman never discriminated the social service and personal service of the Lord.He simply did the service according to the will of the Lord. His aim was always to please the Lord by His service to the Lord in whatever way the Lord wished. In your case even if you enter in to the service you will start criticizing the Lord, if He involves you in His personal work. You will immediately say that He is not the God since He is selfish. Hanuman never criticized Rama even in His mind when Rama told Ravana that in case, Sita is returned, He will go back. If you are in the place of Hanuman you will immediately say that if Rama returns after getting Sita what will happen to the society that is suffering by the cruel deeds of Ravana? Such question never rose in the mind of Hanuman because the aim of the spiritual effort is only to please the Lord and nothing else.Infact, He does not need your help either in His personal work or in the social work. His family and this entire world constitute the divine drama meant for His entertainment only. He is testing your attitude towards Him and the basic strength of your recognition. If the recognition is determined without any doubt, such doubts will not come to your mind. Hanuman did not ask for any vision or for any miracle. Arjuna called as Nara representing yourself (Nara) asked for the highest vision from Krishna as a proof. Hanuman believed Rama without any such proof. He is the blessed soul as per the statement of Jesus “Blessed are those who believe Me without proof”.You may say that you are serving the Lord in human form without any aspiration of fruit in return. You have reached this state after hearing the story of Hanuman, who served the Lord without aspiring any fruit in return and due to such selfless service, Hanuman became God. Now, your selfless service is based on this story of Hanuman so that you can also become God like Hanuman. Have you learnt only selfless service from Hanuman or have you learnt the selfless service in view of its fruit? If you analyze your sub-consciousness, you will know the truth. The sub-consciousness stores certain secrets, which are not known even to you. But, on deep analysis, you can find those hidden secrets also. In nutshell, the main point is that whether you have simply taken the word ‘selfless service to Lord’ from the story of Hanuman by cut and paste method into your sub-consciousness or copied the whole story into your sub-consciousness? If the case is former, your service will yield the fruit. If it is latter, the fruit is lost.In order to avoid this danger, Buddha adopted only selfless service without any reference to God. When God is not in the picture, there is no point of fruit of becoming God. Then you are adopting only selfless service without any fruit and in such case, the fruit is sure. Buddha asked people simply to cut the desire and kept silent about God so that the fruit of becoming God will never arise. Without understanding this great aim of Buddha, people have misunderstood Him as an atheist and the joke here is that He is one of the incarnations of God Narayana. This means that He denied Himself! Buddhists have taken the silence on God as the indication for absence of God. Silence means that God is unimaginable and this is the absolute truth of the absolute God. Even Shankara said that God could be explained only through silence. People have rubbed the title of atheist even on Shankara (Prachchanna Bauddha).	in one sense every soul is eternal ( means immortal), but the covering of the gross body is temporary so those souls or persons who pleases God by their actions and prayers are awarded their original spiritual body and they get rid off material coverings. also in case of Hanuman Ji , He is from beginning devotee of the Lord RAM, so He is just taking body for the pleasure of the Lord’s Pastimes but we take bodies for our sense enjoyment, so we must again become pure and get our original immortal body( spiritual body). that is very easy in this age of Kaliyuga i..e.chant daily and always HARE KRISHNA HARE KRISHNA KRISHNA KRISHNA HARE HARE , HARE RAM HARE RAM RAM RAM HARE HAREand be……………….. happy …………………..forever	Nobody's immortal. Some people in our itihaas and purAnas are called chiranjeevis. That just means they live long. Doesn't mean they don't die. Actually, in another sense - Nobody really dies. That means the aatma or soul never dies. It is only the dEha or body which changes (or dies). Therefore all of us are chiranjeevis that way. At the end of a “kalpa” at the maha pralaya - even vaayu (hanuman) loses his subtle body (linga dEha) and attains mOksha at the lotus feet of God. You can call that death if you want. But it's just a change of state.	Vedas, not Hindu mythology, speak of the Eternal nature of three things - Matter, the Souls and God. These 3 are forever. However, matter is constantly in change and is cyclic. So, immortality belongs to all, in their true nature.	First. Stop calling it a mythology. Ancient scholars have categorized both known epics as “itihasya”.If it was a mythology, they would have called it proudly & loudly.	
What happened to Vijay Dhanush after Karna	Vijay Dhanush was created by Vishvakarma for the use of Lord Shiva. Later Lord Shiva gave it to Devendra. Devendra gave it to sage Parashuram. Parashuram gave it to his disciple Karna.After Karna's death, the Vijaya Dhanush went back to sage Parashuram. According to mythology Parashuram is one of the seven immortals (Chirajeevi).	
Where was Draupadi from	According to the epic Mahābhārata, Bareilly region (Panchala) is said to be the birthplace of Draupadi, who was also referred to as 'Panchali'. King Drupada of Panchala had been defeated by the Pandava prince Arjuna on behalf of Drona, who subsequently took half his kingdom. To gain revenge on Drona, he performed a yajña called Putrakameshti yajna to obtain a means of blessing him. From the sacrificial fire, Draupadi emerged as a beautiful dark-skinned young woman after her sibling Dhrishtadyumna.When she emerged from the fire, a heavenly voice said that she would bring about the destruction of the Kuru line. Draupadi is described in the Mahabharata as a very beautiful woman of that time.	Drupada’s Daughter Draupadi was BORN LADY from Yagnakunda/Homakunda along with Drustadumniya to take Revange of Drupada aganist DRONACHARYA and EVEN with PANDAVAS too who Insulted her Father DRUPADA.From:-Mitai Mohan.	
What are the different temptations of Karna and how did he overcome them	It is very hard to overcome temptations for any human being. Karna is noexception.In childhood I mean in Gurukul ,he was tempted to get glory and recognition by excelling over Arjuna..He could not overcome that. As a result he landed in Paradurama’s Ashram to get Brahmastra.Karna was tempted to get Brahmastra to the extent of telling a lie..that he was a brahmin.Exhibition Of skills was arranged for Kuru princes not for an outsider..Still Karna was tempted to intrude and challenge Arjuna against all decency and decorum.Karna was tempted to accept Angarajya so that he can fulfill his dream of standing against Arjuna in battle.Temptation at its peaks ..the Dice Hall eventArjuna won Draupadi by hitting the fish target. For others it will be a momentary pain but for Karna it must be a thorn in his heart that can never be removed in any way.Karna who was the main contender for the title of the archer par excellence lost to Arjuna..whose fame as the best of Aryavarth rose to dizziest heights. Karna’s humiliation did not stop there. He was overpowered by Arjuna in the battle aftermath. All in all Draupadi’s Swayamvar was a bitter experience for Karna that would have nailed him forever.When Karna saw Draupadi won by Shakuni,standing helpless ,as a queen turned to a slave ,his suppressed feeling of disappointment of not winning her and losing her to his arch rival tempted him to behave like an uncivilised brutal man who could take pleasure in making a woman naked before his eyes.The temptation to hurt Draupadi and through her to wound Arjuna fatally made Karna call her a whore.Did he overcome his temptation to insult Draupadi! No.Karna’s temptations did not stop there.He suggested Ghoshayatra.Reason?Karna wanted to watch Arjuna and Draupadi live in poverty wearing bark garments. He admitted to Duryodhana that it will be fun to see Draupadi feel bad on seeing the wives of Duryodhana.But yes..Karna was not tempted by Krishna’s offer of kingship ,if he joins his brothers.( Krishna did not offer Draupadi..the verse did not say that..I made a post on that..)For Karna being a king and rule over Hastinapur is nothing before his dream to defeat Arjuna in the forthcoming war. So he was not tempted by Krishna’s offer.Karna’s donation of his armour and earrings also can be considered as a result of his temptation.He was tempted to win fame as the greatest donor by offering hisarmour and earrings. In return he was graced with Vasavi Sakti..which is essential to kill his rival..Hence Karna did have temptations but to say that he overcame them..is not true.Human beings are prone to temptations..natural..Sages also sometimes can not save themselves from temptations. Vishwamitra was tempted many times before he reached the status of Brahmarshi.The so called incarnation of Dharma could not resist the temptationshis desire to have Draupadi as his wife ( The verse said all the five got tempted on seeing Draupadi)his obsession with Dice game..proves the point.I don’t think Karna was an exception. He got his own temptations which influenced him to do whatever he did in his life..He did not overcome them. He allowed them to dictate the course of his life.Bori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Of Mahabharata.Unabridged Editions Of MahabharataNilakantha Bhava Dipika	
Why did Krishna not save Karnas life despite knowing the truth about him	Thanks for A2AKrishna did not save any one in particular. It was not his mission to save some and leave some.Krishna incarnated on earth to establish dharma..that will be possible if Pandavas win the war.We should remember what Krishna told Arjuna..Yada yada hi dharmasya glanirbhavati bharataAbhyu thanamadharmasya tadatmanam srijamyahamParitranaya sadhunam vinashaya cha dushkritanDharmasamsthapanarthaya sambhavami yuge yugeExcerptWhenever there is decay of righteousness, O Bharata,And there is exaltation of unrighteousness, then I Myself come forth ;For the protection of good ,for the destruction of evildoersFor the sake of firmly establishing righteousness, I am born from age to age.Krishna the upholder Of DharmaKrishna did not interfere in the ways of destiny of any person ..He did not save Abhimanyu..did he?Was Karna dearer to Krishna than Abhimanyu Who was the son of his sister and his dearest Parth?Why should anyone think that Karna deserves special treatment? And what difference it makes in judging a person?I mean despite knowing that he was Kunti’s son Krishna knew he should get his due for being unrighteous.I believe in Krishna’s divinity. Gods will interfere and change the course of destiny only when the person deserves to be saved..When universe will get benefit by the presence of such person..Siva saved Markandeya and blessed him with life because the sage will contribute to the betterment of mankind by his services. Markandeya Puran offered us Devi mahatmya which became a part of us devotees Who will religiously read that for Navaratri and at other times also. Mahamrityunjay mantr was the precious gift offered by sage Markandeya that redeems and infuses new life to seekers of good health and for those suffering from ailments.Krishna saved Parikshit ,the future hope of Pandavas and Kuruclan. Why did he do so?Krishna wanted a successor who could follow the path of Yudhishtir and continue the righteous rule.He also wanted to teach Aswathama a lesson by making his attempt to destroy the Pandava clan ,futile.So those were the situations that demanded Devine intervention to uphold dharma.Coming to Karna why should he be saved by Krishna?Karna’s survival won’t make any difference to universe and to Devine plan Divya pranalika set by gods to redeem the earth from burden.Karna can not be the emperor in place of Yudhishtir who was the legal heir of Pandu.Karna was not at all a good choice over Yudhishtir ,Who was an expert in maintaining dharma based rule over Aryavarth. Karna set a bad example by making his Angarajya infamous for human trafficking etc.Above All Karna was equally unrighteous adharmic we can say as Duryodhana.was .He participated in every sin committed by Duryodhana not by force but by will.Finally the abuser of Draupadi would never deserve Krishna’s protection.Let us hear the Devine voice of Krishna that decided the fate of Karna on 17 th day.yaddraupadImekavastrAM sabhAyA;mAnAyya tvaM chaiva suyodhanashcha |duHshAsanaH shakuniH saubalashcha; na te karNa pratyabhAttatra dharmaH || 2||ExcerptWhither, O son of Radha, had this virtue of thine gone? Thyself addressing the princess Draupadi, that lady whose tread is as dignified as that of the elephant, in these words, viz., 'The Pandavas O Krishna are lost. They have sunk into eternal hell. Do thou chose another husband.thou lookedest on the scene with delight. Whither then, O Karna, had this virtue of thine gone? Covetous of kingdom and relying on the ruler of the Gandharvas, thou summonedest the Pandavas (to a match of dice). Whither then had this virtue of thine gone? When many mighty car warriors encompassing the boy Abhimanyu in battle,slew him whither had this virtue of thine then gone ?If this virtue that thou now invokest was nowhere on those occasions, what is the use then of parching thy palate now, by uttering that word? Thou art now for the practice of virtue, O Suta, but thou shalt not escape with life. Like Nala who was defeated by Pushkara with the aid of dice but who regained his kingdom by prowess, the Pandavas, who are free from cupidity, will recover their kingdom by the prowess of their arms, aided with all their friends. Having slain in battle their powerful foes, they, with the Somakas, will recover their kingdom. The Dhartarashtras will meet with destruction at the hands of those lions among men (viz., the sons of Pandu), that are always protected by virtue!'"Throw him down Parth..that was the instruction of Krishna to Parth. And certainly Krishna knows whom to save and whom to punish better than us.Foot NotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Karna Parva Ch 67Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Karna Parva Section 91Bhagawadgita Chapter 4 verse 7,8	Thanks for A2A.Krishna didn’t save the life of Bhisma, Drona, Abhimanyu, Five sons of Draupadi, Gatotkacha, Vrishasena, Drupada, Virata, Dristadyumna, Sikhandi, Bhagadatta, Bhurishrava, Somadatta, Balhika and many others.Krishna didn’t saved the life of his own Narayani Sena.Krishna didn’t saved Dussashana who disrobed / Dragged Draupadi in order of Karna and Duryodhana.Krishna didn’t saved Vikarna who showed guts to speak out in front full assembly in support of his sister-in-law.Krishna didn’t saved Duryodhana even after knowing he was the last remaining son of Gandhari.Krishna didn’t saved 98 other sons of Gandhari.Krishna didn’t saved Jayadratha, Shakuni.Krishna didn’t in fact saved Dwarka or his sons Pradyumna, Samba or his dear friend Satyaki from destruction.Krishna didn’t saved Rukmi when Balarama killed him.Krishna didn’t saved Ekalavya, Sishupal, Princes of Avanti - Anuvinda and Vinda, Five Kekeya Brothers - all of them were cousins of Krishna.Then why should he save Karna?God Krishna won’t bother about human death, he would just let the destiny take it way.Human Krishna was states man and a political leader.For any political deal things happens from both side.Karna was steadfast in showing support to Duryodhana.Krishna was firmed in his support for Pandavas.End of the day what see in Mahabharata was simply about the Karma and it’s consequence (Remember consequence is not justice in true sense but carries much more realistic essence).	Your question itself has answer in it. Krishna didn't save Karna as he knows the truth about him. Karna supported disrobing of Draupadi. He called her a veshya. He attacked Abhimanyu from the back and became one of the reasons for Abhimanyu's death that too in a bad way. He was with Kauravas in their every wicked act. He was over confident on him and was ready to give his Kavach. Remember, no one can escape Karma. You have to face consequences of your actions and Karna is not an exception to this. That is the reason Krishna didn't save Karna and thereby facilitating Karma. However before the war, he gave a chance to Karna by revealing his birth secret so that he joins Pandavas. So, Duryodhan wouldn't dare to wage a war and war could be avoided. But Karna couldn't do that as he was loyal to Duryodhan, he himself placed him in the wrong side and payed the price for it.	Yes, because, Sri Krishn knows every beings. He is well aware of your past history of Karm and present Karm. Not only that, he knows your future also. He knows everyone, be it is you and me, he is well aware of it.Secondly- Bhagwaan has nothing to do with your Karm, be its noble or sinful Karma. He has made all those Loks and he deputed concerned Gods to look after and for severe punishment to Jivatma is also very notable.What you did in your past birth is now yr fate and what you do presently, will be your next birth as per your Karm. He has created Swarg, Nark and several high and low loks for punishment and joying as well. He does not intervene in anyone Karm or on the fate.But he is everything for his own dear Bhakta. It is his nature. Bibhishan was his bhkata, he became the King of Lanka, Sugriva was made the King of Kishkindha (karnatka). Sudama was impoverished Brahmin, but he was given the Two Loks.What Karn did with his close friend Duryodhan at an open court of Dhritrashtra is the reflection of his nature and Karm.What Karn did was the blunder and major sins on his part. He was the part in the group of Duryodhan, who ordered his brother Dushashan to pull out Draupdi in an open court of Dhirtrashtra. He was part of disrobing of Drupadi. Had lord Sri Krishn not came in her rescue for her modesty, Dushashan and Karn would have become victorious in their game?Even, He was the part of killing Abhimanyu. He was always the part of mischie towards Pandava. He was always part of wickedgame of his friend Duryodhan and every Adharm Karma. Karn had attacked Abhimamnyu from his back side, so it was also his major sin on his part.Once, he along with Duryodhan and his army were in the Jungle to joy. Suddenly, he saw a most beautiful woman of Gandharva. They caught hold her in their custody and tried to rape her forcibly.So, what he did was his own result which he suffered in the war with Arjun at Mahabharat war. Bhagwaan stands for his bhakta and for Dharm side always and Karn was on the side of adharm. So, Sri Krishn has nothing to do with Karan.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	I read the given answers and here is my answer.Kunti claimed her 5 sons as her own in the society and so did King Pandu.Krishna watched out for Pandavas as they are sons of his Aunt Kunti.As for Karna, Kunti never claimed him as her own.So, it means he is not the responsibility of Krishna to have.He wanted Kunti to undo what she did and take him back.This never happened until its too late.When peace failed, war became certain, it became the responsibility of Krishna to ensure victory for Pandavas.Hence, at the time he disclosed the truth about Karna and let him make the choice, he knew he would make. Very Clever.Karna asked both Kunti and Krishna not to reveal his birth secret to anyone.He made them both BLAMELESS.He made a GOD and MOTHER BLAMELESS.Yet, Krishna blamed Karna moments before he was about to die. NO NEED.Furthermore, he never blamed Kunti at all for what she did to her elder son.Not even one verse in Vyasa Mahabharata, tells about Krishna blaming Kunti.PARTIALITY OF KRISHNA TOWARDS PANDAVAS KNOW NO BOUNDS AT ALL.	Saving this person or that was not the mission of Krishna. He was neither a Pandavapakshapaati nor a Kauravadweshi; if he comes across as either to any of us, it is our flawed perception.Krishna’s sole mission was the establishment, protection, and preservation of Dharma: nothing more, nothing less. No emotions or subjective considerations had any place in his scheme of things.If somebody was protected, it was because that person was essentially adherent to Dharma; otherwise, he was not.Karna - despite all his generosity - was on the side of adharma; he was actively advocating or supporting adharma. So he went with the winds. After all, even those who were passively on the side of adharma were implicitly acquiescent and became abettors, and they all - Bhishma, Drona etc - had to go during the war.	
Why did Sita Mata and Devi Rukmini pray to Maa Gauri before marrying Lord Ram and Lord Krishna	Whats the question in this..? Gauri pooja by bride is a very general n essential part of a Hindu marriage.They too did this just a part of marriage rituals.. Nothing special.Why and how Gauri pooja is a part of Hindu marriage tradition is a total different question.P.S: Gauri pooja is not done coz Gauri shankar did not separate but Vishnu n Lakshmi did. THIS IS VERY ASHAMING TO BE SEEN IN THIS WAY..!See Sati i.e Gauri herself.. Didnt heed Siva’s words n ended horribly.. Next Parvati i.e Gauri herslef, fought with husband in Anand Tandavam n was cursed to be separated from Siva n be born as Meenakshi on earth. Gauri herself made Ganesh n asked him to keep Siva away from her coz she didnt like intrusion even from husband.. N wanted individuality n privacy. And no need to explain about Gauri’s dark form Kali.. She literally stepped on Siva’s chest..! :oSita separation from Ram.. Lakshmi separation after Bhrigu hitting Vishnu on chest.. These are all for Loka Kalyanam..We mortal people cannot assess Almighties drama N please dont give silly explanations.FINALLY..GAURI POOJA IS DONE TO GET BLESSINGS OF ADI PARASAKTI, THE FIRST PUNYA STHREE/MUTAIDUVU(TELUGU)/ SUHAAGAN.. COZ SIVA PARVATI ARE FIRST COUPLE, ADI DAMPATULU..Thats all , plz dont talk about any couples fights n all.. Esp. Almighties.. Coz its just drama.. Either Siva Parvati or Lakshmi Narayan are same n equally prosperous marriage.. They are same in all aspects.Parvati/Gauri is nothing but female Vishnu (his sister).. i.e permanent Mohini.Lakshmi is nothing but female Siva (his daughter) i.e permanent Ardhanareeswara (lakshmi narayana.)	This is done because of what happened few hours before Sivaratri. Gauri Pooja is a common ritual performed by hindu brides before marriage, to ensure longevity of their would be (husband).Siva drank the poisonous Haalaahala and was unconscious. Goddess came as Taara (gauri herself) to revoke him from unconscious state after consuming the poison (Haalahala).This poison drinking happened around sunset time and later Siva was evoked and his marriage with Gauri was once again performed at midnight by devas and asuras. That time and day is Sivaratri.Because Gauri could save her husband from poison and was never seperated from him (unlike Vishnu and Lakshmi), brides seek her blessings before marriage to ensure the same in their marital life.	
In how many Puranas is Krishna mentioned	The Bhagavad GitaThe way of How to live life !The Solution of Every Problems !The meaning of life !The Song of God Krishna !The Guide of God for Mankind !Actually The Role of Arjuna in The Gita was of a common person who has lots of questions in mind about what to do and don't in any situations that should be faced by everyone in his/her entire journey of the life. The God Krishna tries to address all the possible questions or problems or thoughts that arise in everyone's life.The Gita is the guide in which you will find all the Answers of your questions, Problems or queries, You just need to understand The Meaning of Gita as per your situation. That's the actual way to understand the Gita.God Krishna is the Teacher of the whole Universe. The Gita is the available guide for the mankind. He tries to teach you what is life, the purpose of the life and what after the life through the Gita…https://play.google.com/store/ap...Have you ever read The Bhagavad Gita? No ?then you should read it right now.  The Bhagavad Gita explains the truth of life, the meaning of life, the values of life, the purpose of life, the way how to live life.The Gita is the Greatest Book for mankind.Are you worrying of language difference? Here's the link of App that will provide The Bhagavad Gita in multiple languages. So download the App and read it now..https://play.google.com/store/ap...	
Does the character Urvi really exist in the Mahabharata	After watching Karnasangini, many come up with this question, does Uruvi exist???!A lot has been said about the prowess of Surya putra Karna, however, not much emphasis is given on his personal life. While, we are well versed with different wives of Arjun in Indian mythology Mahabharat, we hardly know anything about Karna’s wife.Vrushali —Vrushali or Vrishali was the first wife of Suryaputr Karn. Since it was an arranged marriage, the match was fixed by by Karna’s father Adiratha. She was of the same caste as that of Karna’s adoptive family. It is believed that Vrushali was the sister of Satyasen, Duryodhana’s charioteer. She committed Sati on her husband’s funeral pyre.Together the couple had 8 sons and all the sons took part in the Mahabhart war. Vrishasena was the eldest who was killed by Arjuna in front of Karna’s eyes, while Prasena was the youngest who was slayed by Satyaki. The second (Chritasena), third (Satyasena) and fourth son (Sushena) were killed by Nakula. Arjuna also killed Karna’s fifth and sixth born – Shatrunjaya and Dvipata. And the seventh born Banasena was slayed by Bhima in the Kurukshetra war.That's all. Karna had only one wife according to the Veda Vyasa Mahabharata. Even the name Vrushali is not directly used. His personal life was vaguely described.So these are other wives of Karna as claimed by other authorsSupriya------Surya putra Karna was married to one more woman from the Suta clan. Her name was Supriya and she was Bhanumati’s (Duryodhana’s wife) friend. Though it is not known who was the mother of Vrishakethu, Karna’s only surviving son who did not participate in the Kurukshetra war due to his young age, one cannot stop thinking that he might be Supriya’s son.After the war ended, Vrishakethu was trained and taken care by the Pandavas. Both, Arjuna and Krishna loved him dearly. He even accompanied his uncle Arjuna in his campaignsUruvi------Uruvi or Aruvi, the only daughter of the King of Pukeya who sees the handsome Karna for the very first time in Draupadi’s swayamvar. Uruvi not only falls in love with this low caste man with great skills but also vows that she will marry the sutta King of Anga or remain unmarried forever.This desire is of course against the wish of her parents, especially her mother who is Kunti’s childhood sakhi. What’s more, her mother even promised Kunti to give Uruvi’s hand in Arjuna’s hand in marriage to make the Pandavas strong. However, despite all this background, Uruvi follows her heart and marries Karna.Though Uruvi loves Karna very much, she is always suspected by Karna’s other wives and brothers because of her noble blood.It's highly unlikely that Uruvi actually existed as these were add ons to the original to exaggerate it. Different authors come up with their own version and having a love triangle is the most sought for.So, Uruvi mostly did not exist.Thanks for A2A.Sourcehttps://nationalviews.com/surya-...	Vyasa Bharat did not mention any names of Karna’s wives. Neither Vrishali nor Supriya were mentioned in the Epic. Even Duryothan’s wife was not mentioned by name.Karna’s wives were mentioned in two places ..on two important occasions.In Udyoga ParvanAma me vasuSheNeti kArayAmAsa vai dvijaiH |bhAryAshchoDhA mama prApte yauvane tena keshava || 10||tAsu putrAshcha pautrAshcha mama jAtA janArdana |tAsu me hRRidayaM kRRiShNa sa~njAtaM kAmabandhanam || 11||ExcerptKarna tells Krishna.It is that Adhiratha, again, who caused the name Vasusena to be bestowed upon me by the Brahmanas. When also I attained to youth, I married wives according to his selections. Through them have been born my sons and grandsons,CXLIHere Karna did not refer his wives with names.In Stri ParvaGandhari saysExcerptAlas, like a tiger slain by a lion, or an elephant by an infuriated elephant, that warrior hath been slain in battle by Savyasaci. Assembled together, O tiger among men, the wives of that warrior,with dishevelled tresses and loud wails of grief, are sitting around that fallen hero! Filled with anxiety caused by the thoughts of that warrior, king Yudhishthira the just could not, for thirteen years, obtain a wink of sleep! Incapable of being checked by foes in battle like Maghavat himself who is invincible by enemies, Karna was like the all-destroying fire of fierce flames at the end of the yuga, and immovable like Himavat himself! That hero became the protector of Dhritarashtra’s son, O Madhava! Alas, deprived of life, he now lieth on the bare ground, like a tree prostrated by the wind! Behold the wife of Karna , and mother of Vrishasena,is indulging in piteous lamentations and crying and weeping and falling upon the ground! Even now she exclaims, "Without doubt, thy preceptor’s curse hath pursued thee! When the wheel of thy car was swallowed up by the Earth, the cruel Dhananjaya cut off thy head with an arrow! Alas, fie (on the heroism and skill)!"That lady the mother of Sushena, , exceedingly afflicted and uttering cries of woe, is falling down, deprived of her senses, at the sight of the mighty-armed and brave Karna prostrated on the earth, with his waist still encircled with a belt of gold. Carnivorous creatures, feeding on the body of that illustrious hero, have reduced it to very small dimensions. The sight is not gladdening, like that of the moon on the fourteenth night of the dark fortnight. Falling down on the earth, the cheerless dame is rising up again. Burning with grief on account of the death of her son also, she cometh and smelleth the face of her lord!’"Hence no names were mentioned. Vrishasena’s mother,Sushena’s mother..This was how they were referred.Urvi is a fictional charecter created by Kavita Kane. The Epic did not mention any such story of a princess who rejected Arjuna and selected Karna., This must be the fantasy of the author.SourcesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Udyoga Parva Ch 139Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationUdyogaparva Section CXLIstri Parva Section 21..	No, once Lord Karna appeared in dreams of Kavita kane and said“ oh!! Lady of great imagination, Kindly create a beautiful damsel for me like Vishwakarma created city of Gold for the son of Vishwarwa and Urvashi was created by Lord Nara ( my arch rival past birth). Use all your creative skills to fulfill my last desire to marry a princess as last time my father forced me to marry woman of his choice. I shall then bestow on you lots of riches and make you a goddess in eyes of my followers. “Blessed by Lord Karna , Kavita kane immediately used all her yogic powers and Urvi emerged out of oven. Yes , Oven as she is supposed to rival Draupadi rejection of Karna and she will now reject Arjuna to take revenge. Draupadi emerged out of fire but this is new era and kavita uses Oven.	Nope, Urvi is a fictional character who is a princess of a Kingdom named Pukhya(there was no such Kingdom in India) with fictional parents..This story is mostly popular because of Kavita Kane's book 'Karn's wife: the outcast's Queen’ which explains the story of Urvi in very detail & the new Star plus show 'KarnSangini'is also based on that novel…	
How can we explain the armour and the ear rings Karna had on his body by birth	I can see where this question is leading. A lawyer would call it that - a leading question. And where is the question leading?It is leading to the story of Sahasrakavacha aka Dambhodanava, the one with the 1000 armours, his 1000 births, Nara-Narayana killing him all those 999 times and in the process one of the two dying in the process, all reborn and then killing cycle begins. Theorists have put Karna as the last avatar of Sahasrakavach, Nara and Narayana born as Arjuna and Krishna and Nara killing Sahasrakavacha (Karna) in his last avatar. Since that is the last avatar, one of the duo in Nara-Narayana does not die as in previous birth.This whole story, as Sheldon Cooper would say is Hokum and he would utter the word “Bazinga!!” at the end of the story. Point being … there is no such demon called Sahasrakavacha. It is all invention of fertile minds on a sleepy Sunday afternoon.If you ask then, why Karna and only Karna was blessed with such a gift? Then there are pretty much inexplicable events in Mahabharata (inexplicable by modern logic and science):A sage and his sister born out of weeds (Kripa/Kripi), a woman born out of fish who had swallowed semen (Satyavati), a sage born from a small cup made up of dry leaves (Drona), etc.A woman conceives, gives birth and the child becomes a fully grown man in an instant (Satyavati/Sage Vyasa, Hidimbaa/Gatotkacha).A woman gives birth to (rather aborts) a lump of flesh and out that lump are born 100 princes and 1 princess (Gandhari and her progeny).A youth and girl emerge fully grown from fire (Dhrishtadyumna, Panchali).Karna was born with a breast armour plate (kavacha) and nectar laden extended earlobes (kundala) because his father, Surya or the Sun, blessed him with that knowing that he would be abandoned at birth by Kunti due to unforeseen circumstances.	While the other answer provides the material reason for why Karna was born with them, let me provide the symbolical reason.Puranas contain three-fold information revealed by the single event-example. Three being material (events on earth), symbolical of spiritual import, and cosmic (events occurring in observable sky).Symbolically speaking, Karna was never seen without his armor and ear rings. Hence he was typically mocked as having been born with his armor & ear rings. Today, for example, one can say that we are all born with cell phones in our hand from birth. If you can understand this, you will under why Karna was always described as such.	
If Karna had a curse that would make him forget his knowledge when time demands for it the most why didn t he teach it to someone else	See karna was the warriors he can't keep on teaching the things .He did Vijay yantra for 12 years when pandavas went for vanavasa .And before that he learnt every Vidya from bagavan parashuram and came to hasthinapur .And one more thing is no one was so capable to become his shisya. But some shastras Vidya he thought to his putra .But he was killed .But that is not backup plan teach someone else and they will come to support. Yogya shisya is the main thing .And after Vijay yatra after 12 years of war at last he Got shapa .So there is no talk of teaching others .	As the above answers have already addressed, parting his knowledge to others was not a solution or backup plan. Regardless of how many people karna might have taught, the curse would eventually get to him. Also, back in the days, teaching was not the job of Kshatriyas. If one were to become a guru, he was supposed to take an oath (Deeksha) and relinquish one’s status as a kshatriya (as vishvamitra did). One might argue Karna was not a kshatriya, answer is, he was not ‘known’ to the world as a kshatriya and morover, one wouldn’t want to learn from a suta putra (as the world had thought of him). So, either way, teaching is out of context.	Oh ! what a question?It did not struck to my mind ever. Really Karna could have done at least to his son.But in second thought ,was his sincerity of acquiring the knowledge of archery shared by his sons?A good disciple can acquire such thing as he had undergone the penances and zeal to have a GURU like Lord Parshuram. Probable that was lacking.	
Do our great epics Mahabharata and Ramayana talk or mention about astrology	Mahabharata does talk of grahas or planetary deities influencing our lives.Grahas in MahabharataMarkandeya answered, ‘There are three kinds of purity, viz., purity in speech, purity in deed, and purity achieved by use of water. He that has recourse to these three kinds of purity, attains, without doubt, to heaven. That Brahmana who adoreth the goddess Sandhya in the morning and the evening, and who recites meditatively the sacred goddess Gayatri who is the mother of the Vedas, sanctified by the latter, is freed from all his sins. Even if he accepts in gift the entire earth with her oceans, he doth not, on that account, suffer the least unhappiness. And those heavenly bodies in the sky including the sun that may be inauspicious and hostile towards him soon becomes auspicious and favourable towards him in consequence of these acts of his, while those stars that are auspicious and favourable become more auspicious and favourable in consequence of such conduct of his.’Mahabharata, Vana Parva, Section CLXLIX	
How many warriors fought single handedly in Mahabharata like Achilles did in Troy	Many- Abhimanyu, Arjuna, Bhima, Satyaki definitely on Drona Parva - Abhimanyu Vadha and Jayadratha Vadha.Arjuna finished of 7 and Satyaki and Bhima 1 each and destroyed Kauravas along with Ghatotkacha in one day the war was tilted against Kauravas. Jayadratha dead and 9 akshauhinis finished.	
If Mahabharat would have been fought like Achilles fought in Troy in the 1st battle against Boagrius 1 on 1 who would have won	When the rules of the wars being set, it was decided that an Archer can only compete with an Archer, a gadadhar will only fight with gadadhar, so if you look that way arjun killed all three greatest archers namely Bhishm pitamah, guru dronacharya and angraaj karn. And remaining kaurawas were killed by bhim. Ultimately it was fought one on one between maharathi coming from same expertise of weaponry, the answer is obvious.	I think Pandavas would have won it in the end.Bhishma and Dronacharya were the greatest warriors on the Kauravas side and they wouldn’t kill any Pandavas so Arjuna would be undefeated against both of them.Karna the next in line of warriors on the Kauravas side would be defeated by Arjuna as he had a curse on him that he would forget all what he knows about archery when it is most critical for him.Bheema would defeat Duryodhana and any one else who would actually stand before him.So if we take on individual fights those two Pandavas would be enough for the whole of Kauravas warriors.	This depends on who the combatants were.Yudhishthira vs Duryodhana. Winner DuryodhanaIn any case these are epics. Bardic tales. The Iliad glorifies the Greeks. The Mahabharata glorifies the Pandavas. Historically, the entire poem was composed to celebrate the Bharata kings and their rule in ancient times. Something like adding a celebratory ancestry. Like, hey, did you know these kings are descendants of such mighty heroes! The Iliad and Mahabharata, while inspired from historic, customs, beliefs, events, are still works of fiction. It is doubtful if the Pandavas, actually existed. Even today, we take pride in our ancestry.	
Who gave Vajra to Arjuna and Karna and who was able to handle it better	Indra gave Vajra to Arjuna but refused to give it to Karna.I mean he did not let Karna chose Vajra.Vajra was Indra’s most powerful weapon . When Arjuna went to fetch divyastras from gods,he got it.After gratifying Siva and learning Pasupatastra from the three eyed lord,Arjuna went to heaven.Excerptshakrasya hastAddayitaM vajramastraM durutsaham |ashanIshcha mahAnAdA meghabarhiNalakShaNAH || 4||And thus worshipped, Jishnu continued to live in the abode of his father. And the son of Pandu continued all the while to acquire celestial weapons, together with the means of withdrawing them. And he received from the hands of Sakra his favourite weapon of irresistible force, viz., the thunder-bolt and those other weapons also, of tremendous roar, viz., the lightnings of heaven, whose flashes are inferable from the appearance of clouds and (the dancing of) peacocks.Indra gave Vajra to Arjun ,which is irresistible,along with other astras.Vajra was Indra’s favourite weapon.Indra denied Vajra to Karna.ExcerptWhen Indra approached Karna for his armour and ear rings,shakra uvAcha||vidito.ahaM raveH pUrvamAyanneva tavAntikam |tena te sarvamAkhyAtamevametanna sa.nshayaH || 18||kAmamastu tathA tAta tava karNa yathechChasi |varjayitvA tu me vajraM pravRRiNIShva yadichChasi || 19||Then Indra saidEven before I had come to thee, Surya had known of my purpose and without doubt,it is he that hath unfolded everything unto thee! O Karna, be it as thou wishest! O son, except the thunderbolt alone, tell me what it is that thou desirest to have!'"Indra clearly exempted Vajra from Karna’s options. He gave him Vasavi Sakti instead which is inferior to Vajra.HenceOnly Arjuna got Vajra from Indra but not Karna. So there is no need to decide who handled it better.Foot notesBori Critical Edition Sanskrit version Vana Parva ch 45,294.Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Aranyaka Parva Section,XLIV,CCCVIII	
Why did Lord Indra got Karnas shield if Aruna is invincible or has weapons which could penetrate it	Let me approach this in a different way. First off, Karna’s armour and earrings (made of Amrit) were what Indra asked for.Now, let me mention one quick point here. Bfr the war begins, on both sides there is a discussion of how long various warriors would take to finish off the other army- on the Kaurava side, diff ppl say diff things. Bhishma and Drona say they can do it in one month, Kripa says 2 months, Ashwattama says 10 nights, Karna says 5 days (to which Bhishma laughs aloud). On the Pandava side, Yudi asks only Arjuna and he says “I can finish off the enemy in one MOMENT with the Pasupatha which neither Bhishma nor Karna have” but that he will not use such a powerful celestial weapon to achieve success over mortals, he NEED not do so. Add to this the fact that Arjuna has defeated Karna in every single encounter between them and during all of these Karna was very much wearing his armour and earrings since they are inseparable from his body. And obviously Karna has not managed to kill off Arjuna in ANY of those. Clearly, kavach kundal do not guarantee victory, they JUST PROTECT KARNA FROM DEATH.Now, let’s think why, Indra, who never tires of assuring that Arjuna is 16 times as capable as Karna, will want to go and ask for these from Karna. Indra even says that even with kavach kundal, Karna is no match for Arjuna ever. If he was so farid of Arjuna dying at the hands of karna bcos of the extra edge given to him by the kavach kundal why the blazes did he wait so long to get them off Karna??Evidently, Indra was NOT trying to protect his son Arjuna bcos he knew that if anyone needed protection in a Arjuna- Karna battle it was Karna. What he WAS trying to do was ensure that Karna did NOT live on beyond the war.Let’s go back a bit and see what Karna says to Krishna when the latter tells him to join Pandava side bcos he is Kunti’s son. First of all, he tells Krishna that he already knows that and then he says that he will still not fight for Pandavas, but Krishna shld NOT tell YUdi abt Karna being his elder brother. Why? Bcos if Yudi knows, he will promptly give up the kingdom won by them and hand it to the eldest, Karna. And Karna, he himself admits, will hand it over to his best buddy Dury.Coming back to our Indra POV, Indra knows that if Karna is alive (thanks to his kavach kundal) this mess will still happen and Karna will end up with the kingdom as soon as Yudi comes to know he is elder. Karna has done enuff during his lifetime to clearly show that he has a proclivity towards jealousy, viciousness, hatred. If this is allowed to happen (Karna getting the kigndom) then the whole purpose of the war is defeated. Hence, he asks for Karna’s armour to ensure that he DOES not have a special power keeping him alive even after all other kauravas (the evil doers) are defeated and dead.	The question is wrongly phrased, Indra took away Karna's kavacha and Kundala as they were armours that protected his life from any divine missiles. They were armours and not shields. Secondly, I don't think any weapon was capable of penetrating the armour of Karna but that doesn't mean Karna couldn't be defeated. Arjuna defeated Karna with his kavacha and kundala and Karna himself exchanged his armour for an infallible missile named Shakti. In short, Karna's kavacha and kundala protected him from death and hence Karna was never a reason to worry for the Pandavas. It's only after Karna acquired Shakti that Yudhistira became fearful of Karna.	Your question is sort of flawed,The main reason behind Indra asking for Karna’s shield was that there was no weapon or super weapon that could penetrate it and that was the fact that made Indra worried about the safety of Arjun because Arjun would have been killed at the hands of Karna in the epoc battle of Mahabharat.Karna was invincible as long as he retained that shield and that was all the reason Lord Sun, the father of Karna tried in vain to warn him in his dream informing Indra will (and he did come) come the next day in the form of a Bramhin at the time Karna offered alms, and ask for the shield.	With excuses that in your Question Mentioning” ARUNA “is invincible made inconvinience.If it is ARJUNA then the ANSWER is that Extra Care by ĹORD INDRA as a BOONED FATHER of ARJUNA and to weeken KARNA at the Maximum by taking out his BIRTH SHIELD and KUNDALAS by which KARNA was PROTECTED,and get KILLED BY ARJUNA for which ÀRJUNA was BOONED BORNED after 1000 Years Meditation of NARA .Further to note that EXCEPT ÀRJUNA no-body were had CAPACITY even KRUSHNA /NARAYANA/ĹORD VISHNU immediately to KILL to GET RID of KARNA.Further to NOTE that The MAHABHARATHA and WAR was FRAMED to DESTROY ALL SUPER POWERS and DEMONS and DEVILS along with it’s USERS which and Whom were HARM FULL to NATURE,and use to occur.That is part of BHAGAVADGEETA.From:-Mitai Mohan.	I think neither Karna nor Arjuna was invincible. Both were great warriors. The difference is only that on whose side anyone was fighting. Karna was fighting on the side of Adharma and Arjuna was fighting on the side of Dharma. Indra need to give equal opportunity to Arjuna in the duel as karna will be invincible with his “kabach and kuntal”. So his protection shield was taken away to make the battle equal.	To better understand the reason, you need to know the story of Dambodbhava, previous life of Karna. Please read the story here, Sahasra Kavacha – The one with a thousand armours! | STORIBUZZ. Now you know why Lord Krishna and Arjuna had to come together to kill Karna.	
What is the reason that urged Ashwatthama to avenge the Pandavas	Aswathama was Dronacharya's son.When Dronacharya was made to renounce his arms through trickery ( he was made to believe that his son was killed in the battlefield and this was confirmed by a person of the stature of Yudhishtira, considered as the embodiment of Dharma), and in an unarmed condition was killed by Drishtadhyumna, Aswathama decided to wipe out the Pandavas and Drishtadhyumna. Untill then he even advised Duryodhana to make peace with the Pandavas.	Aswathama loved his father verymuch. The death of his Father Dronacharya hurted him. He was also adorned Duryodhana. After seeing the worse state of Duryodhana in the battle field with broken thigh due to beaten by Bhima in Gadayudha, Aswthama enraged in to greater extent and avowed himself to kill all the 5 pandavas. In this thought he went to the Pandavas dwellings. Unfortunatley he killed 5 sons of Droupadi thinking they are pandavas on the blindness by angriness. Basically he was very short temperor. These are reasons to avenge the pandavas by Aswathama.	The tragic death of his father though unfair means took a toll on the mind of Ashwathama as he could never forget the grief and he vowed to destroy the entire lineage of Pandavas which he promptly did by invoking lord Shiva	
Was Bhishmas pledge the reason for the Mahabharata War	Pinpointing the exact reason for happening of any historical event (yes, I believe that Mahabharat is history. Doesn't the first shloka of Mahabharat says, “Jayo naam itihas….”) is very difficult because one has to go on digging deeper in the past and keep on digging.So why stop at blaming Bhishma's pledge for Mahabharat war? One can keep digging deeper. Bhishma had to take the pledge because Satyawati insisted on such a pledge failing which she was not willing to marry Shantanu. So one can blame Satyawati for Mahabharat war.But why Satyawati insisted on such a pledge?Because she was let down by Sage Parashar. So one can blame Sage Parashar for Mahabharat war.At this point, there is another spot to dig. King Shantanu became so infatuated with Satyawati that he could not properly carry out his duty and function of a king. This was unbecoming of a king who had already enjoyed married life with Ganga. Bhishma had to take pledge for the sake of his desperate father. So one can blame Shantanu for Mahabharat war.One can keep digging up the past and go beyond Shantanu but there will be no end to it. Ultimately one can come to the conclusion that had there been no human race, there would not have been Mahabharat war.	No	
How many days did the Mahabharata Battle last Is it 12 years old	It lasted for 18 days (and nights). Duryodhana was killed on the 18th day evening, marking the end of the war.	
Are the Mahabharata and Ramayana famous Sanskrit epics	They are historical texts, but they are not exactly history.History is names, dates, places, events as they happened. Historical texts are recordings of real events, but they are told as prose stories with dates not included and events embellished with local legend. The Old Testament is yet another example of a historical text.	
How do the stories in Vishnu Purana differ from those in Mahabharat	First in brief about Mahabharata. It's a saga if great Kuru empire which described all the parva possible social changes to what's happening at that time. In this epic mostly people get carried away as if it's a fight between two brothers sons for holding empire post.But it's incorrect. It's just a part taken to describe many other predecessors and events which revealed philosophy in an encoded style. Next when it came to the core of the topic that's empire crown then displayed all the possible human inferiority nature to crooked nature. In this core topic came many lessons on social stand to dharmic relevance. By the end of core topic this saga displayed,law, rules,philosophy, dharma( not law; law = nyaya), and many more including personality reading.The end part has dealt with very much in spiritual and cosmic matters, but again are encoded in the envelope of anecdote of Lord Krishna being spectator of watching his dynasty self annihilation and drowning of Dwaraka. Plus most philosophical is Lord welcoming his death. Followed by the evens too are morals taught of what's real heaven means. Who can get place in heaven and if not with whom it's possible. That's Mahabharata in brief.Shri Maha Vishnu Purana is a complete set if His exclusiveness. Here it's exclusively dedicated focussing only on Shri Maha Vishnu. Again this too is well engineered with many empirical relations to Shri Maha Vishnu and His attributes. To understand it one need a seer preaching not reading.Mahabharata is some thing like social studies and related to a family and society. Shri Maha Vishnu Purana is much in cosmic & spiritual learning.	
How is Arjuna said to be the only person who is devoted to Lord Krishna We see in Kali Yuga too many are Krishna conscious Whats the difference	In Bhagavad Gita chapter 9 verse 1 Lord Krishna says Arjuna is great devotee as” you who do not cavil “ i.e. ego-less,easily accepts Lord’s version.Further in chapter 10 verse 37 He says”OF THE PANDAVAS, I AM DHANANJAYA “--- This is translated as "I AM ARJUNA, AMONG THE PANDAVAS."So Arjuna as a devotee can not be compared with Krishna conscious devotees of kali yuga.	Arjun understood the real lessons taught by Krishna on Karm.“Yogah Karmasu kaushlam!”The man who taught the importance of actions and doing your duty, the man who taught that doing your Karma is the greatest way you can worship any deity you wish and they started a business in his name.They get donations and ask for people to follow them…go to temples, chant hymns you do not understand and show that you are a devotee.Arjun didn’t do any of this what people do at conscious!	
Why couldnt Arjun defeat Bhagadatta who was easily defeated by Karna	I hope you read the Epic before framing the question. That would be sensible.Arjuna defeated Bhagadutta as per all authentic versions.Here I am presenting Digvijaya encounter only because there itself Arjuna proved his dominance.Bori Critical EditionahaM sakhA surendrasya shakrAdanavamo raNena cha shaknomi te tAta sthAtuM pramukhato yudhi || 22||kimIpsitaM pANDaveya brUhi kiM karavANi te |yadvakShyasi mahAbAho tatkariShyAmi putraka || 23||I can not stand before you in battle..tell me what should I do..Gita Press said the same.Directory listing for ia802505.us.archive.org...The narrativeBhagadutta fought for eight days and finding Arjun not tired or exhausted, smilingly addressed him.“O Son Of Pandu with mighty arms..You are Indra’s son ,so such valour suits you only.I am the friend of Indra and I am not inferior to him in battle field.Still I can not stand before you in battle.What do you want me to do tell me. I will do everything you say”Na cha Saknomi te Tata Sthatum pramukhato yudhiThis line is present even in Southern EditionI can not stand before you in battle.. Bhagadutta’s admission. That also after fighting for eight days.HenceBhagadutta was subjugated already by Arjuna during his Digvijay.So I definitely oppose those who say ..Arjuna could not defeat Bhagadutta..As for Karna’s Digvijaya Critical Edition did not include that..FootnotesBori Critical Edition Sanskrit version Sabha Parv ch 23Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Sabha Parva XCV,XCVIGita Press Unabridged Edition with Hindi Translation by Pandit RamnarayanSouthern Recession Kumbhakonam Edition	
Why couldnt Arjun defeat Bhagadatta who was easily defeated by Karna in Digvijay	Million Dollar question.First of all have you read the Epic or have Framed the question based on fan pages and TV serials.In your question you yourself have declared two things.1)Karna defeated bhagadatta.2)Arjun couldn't defeat bhagadatta.According to original Mahabharata both are wrong and I am going to debunk both the above statements.Arjuna Vs bhagadatta.Arjuna and bhagadatta fought twice in their life.1)During rajasuya yagna.During Rajasuya yagna Arjuna went in north direction and conquered all the kingdoms and entered the kingdom of Bhagadatta,then a duel took place between both of them and they fought for days. Bhagadatta even with Invincible supratika couldn't defeat Arjuna,considered Indra as his friend and accepted yudhisthira as his king.here Arjuna too Couldn't defeat bhagadatta,the reason for this will be shown in second encounter.2)On 12th day of Kurukshetra war.On 12th day of Kurukshetra war bhagadatta with celestial elephant ‘supratika’ caused damage to the pandava army when Arjuna was battling on the other side.seeing this Arjuna asked Krishna to advance the Chariot towards Bhagadatta.then in their duel bhagadatta again couldn't give a scratch to Arjuna in plain archery(with ordinary arrows)used Vaishnavastra on Arjuna,then Krishna interfered and took the weapon on his chest.then arjuna asked krishna that why did you interfere in the battle,to which Krishna repliedThe earth, knowing (on one occasion) that that time had come, asked of me a boon for (her son) Naraka. Hear, O Partha, what that boon was. Possessed of the Vaishnava weapon, let my son become incapable of being slain by the gods and the Asuras. It behoveth thee to grant me that weapon. Hearing this prayer, I then gave, in days of old, the supreme and infallible Vaishnava weapon to the Earth's son. I said also at that time these words, 'O Earth, let this weapon be infallible for the protection of Naraka. None will be able to slay him. Protected by this weapon, thy son will always, in all the worlds, be invincible and crush all hostile hosts.' Saying, So be it! the intelligent goddess went away, her wishes fulfilled. And Naraka also became invincible and always scorched his foes. It was from Naraka, O Partha, that the ruler of the Pragjyotishas got this weapon of mine. There is none, in all the world, O sire, including even indra and Rudra,who is unslayable by this weapon. It was for thy sake, therefore, that I baffled it, violating my promise.[1]So it is clear that Maha Vishnu gave Vaishnavastra and boon to narakasura that whoever possesses this weapon will be invincible and cannot be vanquished by anyone in three worlds.Then narakasura gave vaishnavastra to his son bhagadatta then bhagadatta was protected by the boon of Maha Vishnu. That is the reason why bhagadatta stood against the wrath of Arjuna during rajasuya yagna and could survive against the warriors like bheemasena satyaki ghatotkach drustadyamna and abhimanyu for 12 days in kurukshetra war.when he lost his boon and fought with his skills see what happened to bhagadatta and his supratika in the hands of Arjuna.Then, the mighty-armed and high-souled Arjuna fearlessly struck a long arrow between the frontal globes of his enemy's elephant. That arrow, splitting the elephant like the thunder splitting a mountain, penetrated into its body to the very wings, like ap. 68snake penetrating into an ant-hill. Though urged repeatedly then by Bhagadatta, the elephant refused to obey like a poor man's wife her lord. With limbs paralysed, it fell down, striking the earth with its tusks. Uttering a cry of distress, that huge elephant gave up the ghost. The son of Pandu then, with a straight shaft furnished with a crescent-shaped head, pierced the bosom of king Bhagadatta. His breast, being pierced through by the diadem-decked (Arjuna), king Bhagadatta, deprived of life, threw down his bow and arrows.[2]Krishna saved Arjuna from Vaishnavastra,not from bhagadatta,with that weapon even shakuni can kill arjuna,what is so great I that,whereas Arjuna is dependent on his skills not on celestial weapons,had Arjuna used his most Devastating celestial weapons from his arsenal the war would have ended in a jiffy.Karna Vs bhagadatta.Karna never defeated bhagadatta because he never fought with him.whole digvijay part is removed as interpolation according to BORI CE.when Karna could'nt even save his kingdom from bheemasena during rajasuya yagna how can he win all the directions that too bhagadatta with boon.no doubt Karna is highly overrated due to comedy books and TV serials.karna is a warrior only with celestial weapons.He is the one:who stored vasavi shakthi for killing Arjuna.Who blasted the chariot of Arjuna by using brahmastra with the help of drona.Who was made helpless by ghatotkach and used vasavi shakthi to save his life .Who failed to touch ordinary foot soldiers and used bhargavastra.Moreover people not only cook stories and give pathetic excuses for karna's defeats they also stole the victory of paandavas.digvijay is that of pandavas not karna's.yes you read it right.have a look at the screenshot below.itis from bibek debroy translation of bori ce.Warriors trying to stop arjuna is like cotton trying to stop the blazing fire.Arjuna is better than karna(great warrior only with celestial weapons)bhagadatta(great warrior only with boon).Footnotes[1] Drona Parva: Dronabhisheka Parva: Section XXVII[2] Drona Parva: Dronabhisheka Parva: Section XXVII	The first part of the question - Why couldn't Arjun defeat Bhagadatta ?The question what we should ask - did Arjuna really wanted to defeat Bhagadatta?Arjuna was a man of Action.He had a grand dream of building an empire when he started the Digvijaya Yatra.When you judge some one, judge by his motive or intention first place.You can’t compare Arjuna’s action with any ABCD without comparing ecah one’s intention or motive.Digvijay Yatra was a part of process to make all the Kings to accept Yudisthira as emperor and as sign of that they should pay some tribute to him.Now Bhagadatta was said to be friend of Indra and as per Krishna he was affectionate towards Pandavas.Therefore the fight Arjuna had with Bhagadatta was not out of enmity and more of fighting beloved relative to impress him.There is no reason why some one would try to humiliate or insult a person who was affectionate towards him.Arjuna fought for 8 days only to impress him and prove his worthiness and when Bhagadatta found he can’t defeat him, he asked Arjuna what he actually want.Arjuna asked him to pay a tribute to accept Yudisthira as sovereign leader.Bhagadatta happily paid him tribute as he was affectionate to them.It was great example of how a leader should behave, Arjuna didn’t humiliated the King nor he tried to use his relation to get some benefit out of it.Arjuna rather used his power very diplomatically and intelligently. Arjuna fought each war with certain motives, but for sure it was never his motive to fight just to prove his superiority.Power should be used responsibly and not for personal ego and pride.In spite of being a great warrior Arjuna never humiliated or insulted other warriors - be it with warrior fighting on behalf of him or fighting against him - he showed respect to all.Even after being defeated Drupada wanted him to marry his daughter.Even when he killed Bhagadatta on 12th day of Kurushetra war, he circumumbulated him to pay his last respect to him.Arjuna’s dream was the biggest in Mahabharata -To build an empire and make his eldest the emperor.He was not a lone wolf who would fight and shows his loyalty to maintain his personal fame, ego or pride.So he can’t behave the way commoner people would expect him to do!!!Regarding Kaarna’s Digvijay -Arnab Ghosh's answer to Why did Bori CE remove Karna's Digvijay Yatra? How did Duryodhana perform his Vaishnava Yaga?More over Karna had 1 year or less to undertake such huge Digvijaya yatra - given Duryodhana must have faced the humiliation in Ghosha Yatra some where between 11th to 12th year of Pandavas exile and he performed Vaishnava Sacrifice only after that.Given the nature of digvijaya Yatra, the period is very short.	Karna defeated Bhagadatta is a big joke. It is created by the fans of Karna which is not written in MB of Vyasa. In fact entire MB Vyasa mentioned only two times first time while Bheeshma classified warriors ranks.Second Time on 12th day of War. Except these situations Vyasa never mentioned Bhagadatta.	Your question is sugfestive. Arjuna in fact was able to defeat Bhagadatta. He was the son of Narakasura who was killed by Sayabhama and krishna. He had Vyshnavastra and mighty elephant called Supratheekam which had natural armour. Arjuna pierced its armour and defeated Bhagdatta summarily.	There was no Digvijay Yatra done by Karn . BORI has removed it . Bhagdatta was defeated by Arjuna . No mention in Vyasa Jai-vijay that Bhagdatta defeated Arjuna . Thanx.	
What was the importance of archery during Ramayana time	In the times of Ramayana and Mahabharata they fought with bows and arrows. Arrows were released after chanting Mantras and were very powerful and effective. In today’s times Mantras do not work and fighting is done by Machine guns, etc.	Archery was very important during the Ramayana and Mahabharata periods. For instance, in the first chapter of Ramayana’s Bala Kanda, Sage Narada would say to Valmiki that Rama was well versed in Vedas, Vedangas and Dhanurveda. Though, we now call Dhanurveda as the science of weapons, the Dhanu literally means bow. The association of bow with Veda would itself signify the importance of archery.	
After the Mahabharata where did God and all the goddess have gone to They thought a human doesnt need help from the Almighty	This question is already asked & answered in the 2nd chapter of Srimad Bhagavatam, some 5000 years ago, right after the Mahabharata good times of Dwapara Yoga end, giving way to the bitter Kali Yoga.When the Dharma, personified as an Ox who lost 3 of its legs sees Mother Earth, personified as a crying cow, asks “Why are you crying, O the giver of help and happiness to everyone?”, her answer explains several things, including what you asked.[Below content courtesy: Vic DiCara]Conversation Between The Dharma Bull & The Earth Goddess CowSūta began to tell the story of Parīkṣit arresting Kali:While surveying the Kuru Jungle, Parīkṣit heard undesirable news: Kali had spread through the kingdom. Seeing this as an excellent opportunity for a fight, he took up his weapons and set out on a beautiful chariot, flying a lion-flag and yoked to brilliantly black horses, along with soldiers, horsemen, elephanteers and charioteers.As he traveled, he brought order and strength to his lands.[1] Everywhere he went he always heard bards singing about his great ancestors, because their fame was involved with the glories of Kṛṣṇa. These songs often involved him, too: especially how Krishna rescued him from the powerful weapon of Aśvatthāma. He heard songs about the great affection between his family and Krishna’s family, due to their mutual love for Krishna.Extremely satisfied by these songs his eyes opened wide with delighted love. In a very magnanimous mood, he gave the bards a great deal of money, clothing and jewelry.Hearing how the universally obeyed Viṣṇu became a driver, ally, assistant, friend, messenger, guard, follower, and respecter of the beloved Pāṇḍavas made the king choked up with devotion for Viṣṇu’s lotus-like feet .He thus passed many days enrapt in thoughts of his ancestors. But soon something very astonishing happened, which is what you wanted to know about:The god of morality had taken the form of a bull, and was walking the only leg he still. He came upon the goddess of the earth, who had taken the form of a cow and was darkened under the shadow of grief, with tears covering her cheeks like a mother who has lost her child.Dharma asked her:Good lady, are you alright? Why has the shadow of grief darkened the face of your soul? Are you ill, Mother? Are you remembering of a long-lost friend?Do you lament for my broken legs? Do you weep because wicked people will soon eat you? Are you depressed over the drought that will soon strike you when sacrifices to the gods cease?Do you cry for the unsheltered women and children of the earth, who will be left for monsters to devour? Or because priests will speak only words, while their fraudulent behavior abandons spirituality in search of political power? Or because the politicians will bewilder themselves with bickering, while civilization declines into a mob mindlessly and randomly eating, drinking, living, bathing, and having sex?O Mother, Hari descended to lighten your heaven burden. Take heart; remember all the deeds he did to save you! Or has this situation changed? O Mother, please tell me what is at the very root of your tears. Has fate, more powerful than any power, dissolved your treasure and good fortune, which the gods themselves desired?Dharaṇī[2] replied:Dear Dharma, whose four legs spread happiness throughout the worlds, I will enlighten you about all that you have asked.Truthfulness, cleanliness, compassion, calmness, detachment, satisfaction, sincerity, introspection, restraint, austerity, fairness, learning…Knowledge, dispassion, power, chivalry, influence, strength, morality, independence, expertise, beauty, steadfastness, and certainly kindness…Ingenuity, gentility, good manners, willpower, vigor, fortune, depth, dedication, faithfulness, fame, honor, modesty……The All-Attractive always has all these and many other great qualities. No one else can ever hope to possess such greatness. He is the flag of good qualities and the palace of beauty herself.You ask why I lament? I have just been robbed of his company; and in his absence I suddenly find the ills of Kali entering the world.I lament not only for myself. This is also a disaster for you, and for the highest immortals, the gods, the forefathers, the sages, the saintly… it is a disaster for everyone.You know that there is a goddess named Śrī; and that everyone including the creator, Brahmā, always struggles to obtain her carefree glance. But she has given herself wholly to the All-Attractive. Abandoning her home in the forests of lotuses she dedicates herself to lovingly caring for his blessed feet.The soles of those same feet recently decorated my body with their prints – marked with a flag, spur, thunderbolt and lotus. Ah, with these ornaments my beauty and opulence excelled paradise itself! But now… he has left me… I suppose I must have been too proud of my good fortune?He manifested his delightful body in the Yadu family to easily and independently rescue me from the extreme burden of hundreds of demonic armies. He empowered you to be free from the misery of your broken legs. Oh, who can bear to be without that supreme man!? His glances, pleasant smile and sweet words dispel the composure and pride of proud sweethearts. My hairs stood up to celebrate the touch of his feet!!!While Pṛthivī[3] and Dharma were discussing Krishna in this way, the Philosopher-King Parīkṣit arrived at the eastward Sarasvatī river.I have bolded above a part of her answer. Please scan that. I’ll elaborate that below.The Devas have a mutual relationship with humans. Humans are to do Vedic activities (Yagna, Yaga, Dana, Tapa, Vrata) to please the gods, and the gods in return would bestow the humans and their world with prosperity, ranging from wealth to the more subtle forms of it in daily life such as food to eat, crops, cattle, health in the town, proper monsoons without draughts and cyclones, stable earth without earthquakes, volcanoes, tsunamis, tornadoes etc, and highly fertile lands and fresh water suitable for cultivation giving rise to amassing prosperity and trade, and all higher dimensions of worry-free life such as fine arts, literature, spiritual development etc.In short, by humans giving-in to Kali’s effect and causing Dharma to lose its one leg (Saucha), there’ll be utter devastation to the stability of the lives of both humans and devas. Humans become weak and helpless as the gods, in the form of the nature, act adverse to their efforts. The gods, however benevolent they want to be to humans (as you asked in the question), will have lesser resources to help you, for, they don’t create resources, they simply recycle the resources you give them, amplify them and give back. How can they ever help you if you gave a big zero to them??So, what should YOU do to make the gods be helpful again to humans as in the Mahabharata days:Revive your Dharma and do all vedic practices that are prescribed to you. Start with daily worship of Krishna (or the almighty in any form) and other nitya-karmas designated for you such as Sandhya vandan etc.Do as much of Yagna, Dana, Tapa etc practices, all with selfless intent and dedicate them for the world bettermentBe vigilent of the sweet spots of Kali, all the door entry points for him and shut them carefully in your own life through your own behavior and lifestyle.Spread this wisdom of Bhagavata as much as possible, to whoever you can. Perhaps you can start with all well-deserving pure-hearted world-loving people such as the OP and invest your time and energy in educating them and helping with all information so that they can progress for themselves.	Arjuna came to Kurukshetra to fight with enemies in order to get back his kingdom. He thought that the war is his case and Krishna was hoelping him in his case like an advocate helping the petitioner in his case filed in a court. Arjuna thought that since he is the owner of the case, he can withdraw the case whenever he likes to do so. If the petitioner is not interested to fight the case, the advocate will have no interest to argue it.Arjuna thought that it was not proper to kill his grandfather and teacher for the sake of wealth. His point was also justified. But, Krishna turned the tables diagonally opposite by enlightening Arjuna through the Gita. The analysis of Krishna revealed that the war was His work. Krishna revealed that He is God descended in human form on the earth (Manusheen Tanumashritam…) and wants to destroy the evil forces to establish justice.Therefore, the war becomes the work of God. The advocate turned to be the petitioner of the case and therefore, the case cannot be withdrawn. If the petitioner turns away, the advocate will introduce his name in the name of the petitioner and the case will be re-filed in the court. Krishna made it clear that He is going to destroy the evil forces and since the grandfather and the teacher are the supporters of the injustice, both have to be also killed. Arjuna thought that it is better to kill the evil forces along with his grandfather and teacher and thereby, get the grace of God. If he withdraws from the war, both will not survive in any case and unnecessarily he will be the loser of the divine grace. Hence, he changed his opinion and fought the war.Since God is greater than any worldly bond (Natatsamah… Veda), he was prepared to kill anybody for the sake of God. Except for this one valid point, Arjuna would have not fought even if the reason were the burning heart of his beloved wife, Draupadi. Now, the point is that the war is the work of God and not the materialistic work of Arjuna. The entire message of the Gita is in this context of the work done in the mission of God. Since the war is not the personal work of Arjuna, the message of the Gita cannot apply to the context of routine materialistic works. All the routine worldly works do not fall in the context of the Gita.Only the works of God in which you participate come under the context of the Gita. Whenever you do the work of God, do not aspire any fruit from Him. The human being may forget the work done by you and may not reward you for your work but the omniscient and most generous God will never forget your work. If you aspire for the fruit, a limited fruit, which balances the value of your work will only be given by God. If you do not aspire, you will get unimaginable fruit. Draupadi bandaged the cut finger of Krishna with a piece of cloth torn from her sari and did not aspire for any fruit for doing that little service. Krishna gave her thousands of saris when she was attempted for unclothing.Devotion of Arjuna and HanumanArjuna, being a normal devotee with little faith in Krishna, participated in the work of God (Kurukshetra war) since it was a Holy Mission that helps the society in establishing the justice in the world. Hanuman was a super devotee with immense faith in Rama and hence, participated in the war, which was a personal work of God. The ultimate aim of your service should be to please the God, be it the social work or His personal work. Such devotion is perfect as in the case of Hanuman. The war in Kurukshetra was for the social welfare in one angle and was the personal work of Arjuna only and not at all the personal work of God. Therefore, the participation of Arjuna in the war does not involve high faith and high devotion.In the case of Hanuman, it involves immense faith and devotion. You may think that the war was personal work of Rama in one angle and killing Ravana is social welfare in another angle and therefore, Hanuman participated in the war. Rama removed the second angle when He told that He will go back without killing Ravana if he returns Sita and now, the war was confined to the first angle only. In spite of the war exposed as the personal work of Rama only, Hanuman participated in the war and His aim was to please Rama without analyzing the nature of the work. Hence, Hanuman was rewarded with unimaginable fruit of becoming the future creator of the universe.Fascinations to worldly bonds were destroyed by the preaching of Krishna to ArjunaThe misinterpreted fascination as justice by Arjuna was destroyed by Gita.[Arjuna told in the end of the Gita that his worldly fascination was destroyed (nashto mohah...). This fascination to worldly bonds like bond with his grandfather made him to misinterpret the sin that killing elders will lead to hell. His analysis was based on mainly his personal fascination to his grandfather.Killing a person supporting injustice, rising above the worldly fascination is the merit, which was masked by false logic in projecting the killing of elders as injustice. The fear for sin due to hell by killing elders (as argued by Arjuna) proves that Arjuna is in the level of pravrutti.]Dharmaayaiva himsaa na dhanaaya Gitoddeshah.The aim of killing even elders in the war is not for property, but to give warning against injustice.[Even the first chapter of the Gita is not perfectly understood by us since we favour our relations in selecting for a job in interview and in inviting the relatives primarily for our functions! What to speak of other chapters of the Gita?Arjuna established that not killing the elders for the sake of just property is the justice. This is the misinterpretation of the decision of Krishna to proceed with the war, the aim of which is not property, but to condemn the injustice for the establishment of justice as a message to the world in future.Hence, the entire Gita turned the goal of war in a new direction, which supports killing even relations to warn against the sin. Arjuna was convinced by this new direction of a different goal and started to fight the war. Even Krishna did not direct Pandavas for the war with any selfish motive of enjoyment of kingdom won since after the war Krishna left the kingdom immediately without staying even for one day.]Mithyaadharmatyaagah pravruttau satdharmasyaapi nivruttau.Even though the real justice is to be dropped against God in nivrutti, in this pravrutti, Krishna means the false justice proposed by Arjuna.[Arjuna established that withdrawal from the war is the justice and its hidden background is the excess fascination to his grandfather, which prevents him to do war. Arjuna is in the level of pravrutti only as indicated by his fear for hell in doing the injustice. Krishna explained the actual goal of the war and advised Arjuna to drop even the justice, which should not be voted against God.This does not mean that Arjuna is a Nivrutti-devotee, who shall vote for God against even real justice. Arjuna is not in the level of Nivrutti like Radha. Here, the justice to be dropped by Arjuna (sarvadharmaan parityajya... Gita) is not the actual justice to be dropped in Nivrutti. It is only unreal justice projected by Arjuna as real justice by false logic since the basis is his blind fascination to his grandfather.If Radha is in the place of Arjuna, the justice to be dropped is real justice because God is to be voted against even the real justice. A sharp analysis and careful understanding is required here. The verse told by Krishna appears to apply to nivrutti level in exterior sense, but, it applies to pravrutti level in the inner context of Arjuna. Whether Arjuna understood the inner sense of this verse is doubtful because after the war, he refused to get down from the chariot even though Krishna ordered so!]Maargavimarshah kaaryah saavadhanena.The means justifying ends are to be carefully analyzed if a party becomes judge.[This is the reason for the concept that the affected party shall not draw the judgement in its own case. Hence, Arjuna fell on the feet of Krishna, a third party, for judgement. Here, God is the judge and the judgement must be perfectly correct since God is omniscient. The human judge is based on witness (which may be false) or sometimes may become corrupt and give a wrong judgement to go to hell.Party becoming judge exploits the logic in its favour and draws unjust judgement in the line that ends justify means. To warn against such exploitation of souls, Rama and Krishna underwent punishments even though their judgements in their cases were perfectly correct, supporting the line that means justify ends (killing of Vali by Rama and killing of Kauravas by cheating by Krishna). Hence, while harming bad people, one should be very careful and impartial in the analysis based on the line of means justifying ends.]Paapashokamokshah sharanaagatyaa Gitah.Gita says that surrender by total attraction to God gives salvation from all sins and resulting miseries.[The rest part of this verse means that the devotee shall completely surrender to God leaving the analysis of justice and injustice in a context. Such total surrender means full attachment to God, which totally removes the fascination to worldly bonds avoiding sins and resulting miseries. This is said to be the total liberation from all worries.The total surrender to God will make the devotee to follow whatever is said by God after perfect self-analysis also (Aham tvaa sarvapaapebhyah...). With the help of the spiritual knowledge of God, one can follow the path of realization, repentance and non-repetition of sin to get relief from all sins. The Gita says that devotion to God transforms the soul to become relieved from sins (kshipram bhavati dharmaatmaa…).]Dharmaraajah paakshikapratyayah na paraagatih.Dharma Raja due to partial faith in Satguru, Krishna, did not reach ultimate abode of God.[Dharma Raja realized Krishna as human incarnation, but, in practice, he failed to surrender totally to God due to common repulsion of media. He did not accept to tell a lie for killing teacher, who is supporting injustice.For this rigidity in pravrutti, he was made to see the hell and did not cross the third temporary world called as heaven. Arjuna followed the orders of Krishna through total surrender in killing unjust enemies through unjust ways and reached the abode of God in due course of time. These are the fruits of total faith and partial faith in Satguru respectively.]Not causing pain to good person and justification of fundamentals of case justified war through preaching.[In implementing justice looking like injustice, two points are essential: 1) Your explanation shall convince the party effected so that it will not be pained in its mind any more since the highest justice is that you shall not pain a good soul (Ahmisaa paramo dharmah) and 2) the fundamentals of justice related to the particulars of the case must be protected. Arjuna wanted to withdraw from the war so that one need not kill grandfather and teacher for the sake of property.Krishna convinced Arjuna through the Gita so that Arjuna was not at all pained to fight in the war. By this, the first point is fulfilled. Regarding the second point, war was justified since it was not with the aim of gaining the property, but, the main aim is to teach the world that intensive injustice like insulting a lady to unclothe in the court must be severely punished, which includes the punishment of all the supporters of injustice irrespective of other reasons like elderliness.]Naandhoktih vachasaa pratikriyaa syaat.The comment of blind king is not correct. Reaction to words must be through words only.[If the fundamentals of justice are not protected, mere convincing the affected party is not justified since such preaching is only a brain wash.Dhrutarashtra told Sanjaya that Krishna washed the brain of Arjuna through the Gita and provoked him to kill even the elder relatives. Such comment might have been correct if the fundamentals of the case of the war are not justified.If the basis of war is only to get the property back, in such case, the above comment becomes justified. God wanted to give a very serious warning to the world that such climax of injustice to unclothe a lady in public will be severely punished, which may involve even killing of a great soul like Bhishma.Bhishma kept silent over the unjust scene and hence, was punished. The message here is that if you are going on the way and find some injustice happening and if you pass away silently in spite of your capability to stop it, you will be punished like Bhishma! It is true that Draupadi insulted Duryodhana by some bad words in the court called Mayasabha. That could have been retorted by Duryodhana through some similar words, but, for that, trying to unclothe Draupadi is boundless reaction and is the greatest sin to be punished severely.]Yathecchasiti na balavadbodhah.Since Krishna told that Arjuna can do as per His will, Gita is not a brain wash.[Krishna simply analyzed and did not force Arjuna to kill the elders by turning the mind of Arjuna through His miraculous power. After giving the analysis, Krishna told Arjuna to analyze again and take the final decision as per his will (Yathecchasi…). If it is intellectual brain wash, such freedom is never given.After the preaching by Krishna, Arjuna killed his grandfather without any pain in the mind and hence the climax of justice that a good person like Arjuna shall not be pained is protected. Non-violence shall be in the case of a good person only but not in the case of everybody without discrimination. In such case, the cruel sinners will create chaos in this world without any obstruction! Without understanding this background, some ignorant Jains say that Krishna has gone to hell for being the cause of such mighty war!]God's work Vs Worldly workThe real meaning of karmaphala tyagaYou must work for God by detaching yourself from your liking for fruit and from the actual fruit alsoThe Veda said that sacrifice of fruit of work alone is the path of real love to the God as in the case of issues (Dhanena tyagena…).The detachment from fruit should also continue even after achieving the fruit because the fruit of your work should be dedicated to God, the real giver of fruits. This is called as Karmaphala tyaga in which you have to always maintain concentration on work and detachment for fruit. The detachment for fruit is not meant for achieving the fruit successfully as explained above, whereas it is for sacrificing the fruit to God.You are adapting this technique till you achieve the fruit and then forgetting this clue so that you can avoid sacrifice of fruit to God. The reason for this is your fascination for yourself and for your family. As the fascination is diverted to God, the fruit of work also gets diverted to God.Similarly, the dedication of work is called as Karma Samnyasa. People while translating the Gita say that the meaning of karmaphala tyaga is to detach from liking for fruit and not actually detaching from fruit. Fantastic! You say that you have no liking for your salary (fruit of work) and take the salary for your enjoyment!In fact, if you are detached from liking to salary, certainly, you will work in the job in excellent way. This is a good policy in worldly activities but not in the divine activity for God. In the case of God, you should be detached from the fruit as well as liking from the fruit, whereas in the case of worldly job, you must be detached only from the liking for the fruit and not from the actual fruit since your selfish employer is not God.In worldly work, you must work by converting all energy into work and not spending even a trace of it in liking for the fruit, but, you shall take the fruit because your employer is not God. You must work for God by detaching yourself from your liking for fruit and from the actual fruit also. The Gita says about your delink from fruit and not about your delink from liking to fruit! (Phalam tyaktvaa…).Delinking from fruit includes delinking from your liking for fruit also, but not vice versa. Both should be delinked in the case of God, whereas delinking from liking for fruit (for doing work more efficiently) should be done in the case of worldly employer and in the end, you should not delink from fruit and you shall accept the fruit.The translators of the Gita feared this that the Gita says to delink from fruit (salary) after doing the worldly work and hence modified this delink from fruit as delink from liking for fruit. This should not be extended to the case of God also. The Gita always said about work (karma) and its fruit only in the case of God everywhere, which should not be generalized and applied for worldly works also.The work for God is called as Karma Yoga, where Yoga indicates the association with God. The highest level of true love is only in the sacrifice of fruit (karmaphala tyaga) to God by giving butter meant for their children to Krishna as seen in the case of Gopikas, the house-holders, in the Bhagavatam. The sacrifice of work in the case of house-holders is certainly secondary as we see the case of the Bharatam, where Arjuna, a house-holder, sacrificed only work (fighting in the war for destroying injustice, the work of God.The fight of Arjuna was certainly sacrifice of work to God and not for selfish goal to achieve kingdom since he refused to fight for kingdom in the beginning itself. After hearing the Gita, he realized that his fight is not for selfish desire, but, for participation in the work of God to establish justice). Hence, the Veda said that sacrifice of fruit of work alone is the path of real love to the God as in the case of issues (Dhanena tyagena…). Based on this crucial point, the Bhagavatam is greater than the Bharatam.I know, a friend of mine told Me “vacation of Dasara is given and there is no tuition since students also have gone to homes. Let me go to Puttaparti (Satya Sai) and serve there so that at least I can have free meals there, which is also an earning”! This concept of sacrifice of work along with fruit of work is for house-holders only and not for saints, who can sacrifice the work alone.Therefore, the sacrifice of work alone is meant for Samnyasins or saints and this is indicated by the word Samnyasa in karma-samnyasa or sacrifice of work. Hence, the sacrifice of work should be always accompanied by sacrifice of some fruit of work also as divine offering (Dakshina) in the case of house-holders.	Which God and Goddesses are you searching dear?Lord Krishna?Ganga?Karna, the son of Sun?Let’s talk about the most famous and the most important character, our Lord Krishna.Whenever God/Goddesses arrive on Earth, they are bound by the rules of the nature. They are born as a normal human being and has to die also.Lord Krishna too got birth as an ordinary child and then eventually died in Dwarka after being struck by an arrow.The Almighty is always with us, within us. As it’s omnipresent.Regarding your second part of the question, Lord has taught us everything we need and this human birth could be seen as our examination.Like in an examination, the examiner will be just an invigilator only. He won’t stop you from doing wrong, won’t help you in any other way.Only results will be handed over after the examination(life) is over.However, since he’s omnipresent, try seeing him in everyone, this will make your life much easier.Thanks for A2A.Randhir (रणधीर)	There were no gods or goddess, they were simple humans just like you and me and at max they were avatars,So just like a simple human or avatar they died when their time come.Their actions, choices and decisions make them respectable.	Once the managing director (MD) of a company directly handles all technology, business development, product development, production and finance directly, no one will interact with people appointed for the purpose. Then the MD will have to do a chaprasi job and MD’s job will be lying vacant.	
What would have happened if Krishna told Draupadi about the birth secret of Karna and asked her to choose between war and peace	No changes would have been made.. Everything would have happened exactly same.. War.. War.. War.. N war only..Reason: Karna being brother of Pandavas changes nothing coz.. Pandavas main enemity is with Duryodhana… and as Kshatriya dharma would demand , its duty of Pandavas to keep up their Dignity n do anything to maintain it. A king cant just shamefully accept fate n submission for relationships sake..Karna would just be an addition to the huge list of blood relatives n respected people Pandavas had to face n kill in Kurukshetra : Vikarna, Bheeshma, Drona, Kripa, Salya, yadu sena which Krishna donated…etc etc were all related and/or loved by Pandavas but chose fight for Duryodhana n perish in hands of Pandavas..P.S. Duryodhana himself was a cousin brother of Pandavas, and Vikarna was very righteous and earned Pandavas love.. But they all had to be killed. Karna would also be plainly included in the list of known relatives yet to be killed.. Instead of strangers that ought to be killed.By the way, Kunti went to Karna before war n explained him the bitter truth in detail. But, did Karna have any fraternal concern for Pandavas? Esp. upon Kunti’s begging also.. Karna disgraced his reputation as conditionless donator by denying the only wish of his very birth mother - Not to kill any of his brothers.. What the heck is his life for then?Karna might have donated to many.. even torn off his natural shield etc for Indra etc.. But they are all total waste when he couldnt fulfil the one genuine prayer of his own mother. So with knowledge of brotherhood also, when Karna could detach himself from any remote emotions n shamelessly break his vow of unconditional donation n promise to his birth mother, Kunti that he would gift her the head of Arjuna!! ….. :o ..Based on what logic do u think Krishna would expect Draupadi n Pandavas to rethink anything?Normally also.. Along with Bheeshma, Vikarna, Drona etc if Karna sides with Duryodhana, he must be killed.. On top of that Karna as expected doesnt give a damn about their brotherhood n goes to the shameful extent of vowing to kill Arjuna even after knowing about the brotherhood… then why should anyone in Pandava side give a damn about Karna..	This is a hypothetical question and the answer also need to be hypothetical. To understand this you need to know who Draupadi, Karna was and what was the Mahabharata war all about.The great battle of Kurukshetra refers to the internal battle against our enemies such as the lower desires by the continuous self-purification process called "Karma yoga" (Mahabharata)`. The Mahabharata war does not refer to any human warfare of any ancient civilization.The current interpretation of the dramatic persona as representing human characters of historical periods is indeed a distorted version of the truth and all half-hearted admirations of the contents of the text as partly historical and partly mythical is more injurious than holding of the same to complete ridicule and contempt.Mahabharata is not a treatise to address people for their occasional pleasure and distraction.Elaborate descriptions of the great fighting between the Pandavas and the Kurus in the Mahabharata war, virtually depict the internal warfare to be undergone for the purpose of securing success in this Dhyana-Yoga.So in view of the above please make an analysis of who Draupadi was, who her five husbands were? and what role Karna played??Adapted from my soon to be released book- Inside-Out, A philosophical enquiry of Hindu.HariOM.	
Who is Devadatta in Mahabharata	Devadatta is the name of the conch of http://Arjuna.In those times, the Charioteers used to blow their conches before beginning of any battle.	
How strong was Keechak in the Mahabharata according to Bori	Keechak was equivalent to bhima	
Why did Pandavs make Vrishketu King of Indraprastra but not Hastinapur as he is Karna Son	Thanks for A2AI wish you should realise the difference betweeen Mahabharat The Epic And Suryaputr Karna a TV show made by Sidddarth Tiwari.Vrishaketu did not exist as per the Epic. All the sons of Karna were killed in war.It was Vajra the great grandson of Krishna who was coronated as the king of Indraprastha by Pandavas.Parikshit became the king of Hastinapur.Yudhishtir asks Subhadra to take care of Vajra and Parikshit before leaving for Mahaprasthan.parikShiddhAstinapure shakraprasthe tu yAdavaH |vajro rAjA tvayA rakShyo mA chAdharme manaH kRRithAH || 9||ExcerptInstalling Parikshit also on their throne, as king, the eldest brother of the Pandavas, filled with sorrow, addressed Subhadra, saying, ‘This son of thy son will be the king of the Kurus. The survivor of the Yadus, Vajra, has been made a king. Parikshit will rule in Hastinapura, while the Yadava prince, Vajra, will rule in Shakraprastha. He should be protected by thee. Never set thy heart on unrighteousness.’Vrishaketu was a part of Jaimini Mahabharat which can not be considered authentic. There also Vrishaketu dies in Ashwamedha war.So better to come out of delusion and accept facts.Karna had no son left to succeed the throne.When Karna himself could not have a claim on the throne how could his non existent son have a right?By the way if the son survives,last rites will be done by him only. But Yudhishtir did the formalities for KarnaThat proves the fact.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Sanskrit version Mahaprasthana parv Ch 1Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Mahaprasthana Parv Section 1	For one, no one called Vrishketu exists in Vyasa's Mahabharat. He existed in Jaimini Mahabharat as far as I know. Secondly, it was Krishna's grandson Vajra who got Indraprastha not any son of Karna. And Parikshit was the heir to the throne of Hastinapura. Neither Karna nor his sons had any right to the throne. Bheeshma in his last conversation with Yudhishtira clearly says that the kaneena putra has no right to the throne. As for Krishna's offer, it was a political move, and Krishna was obviously lying to entice Karna.	They did not. No son of Karna survived the war. Might be you have sen this shown on TV in one of the shows that CLAIM to be based on the Mahabharata but are actually primarily imaginary stories. Pl remember that TV hows usually ADD and MANGLE the original MB to a huuuuuuuge extent. Just see them for entertainment not to learn the epic.	
If Karna was a negative guy then why so many parents name their child on him	Karna was not a negative guy . . . . . . . as understood my many . . . . ! ! !Due to lack of their understanding of Mahabharata plus Bhagwat Gita. . . . .People directly come on conclusion that . . .Karna was a negative guy . . . . ! ! !Some of mine very good answers regarding Karna are : - - -Vijendra Singh Ahluwalia's answer about Who is Karna?Why was Karna so devoted to Duryodhana, when he knew all along that Duryodhana was Adharmi?Why did not anyone of the Pandavas able to recognize Karna when he entered for the first time in the arena of the Hastinapura war field?thanku..	I am from Rajasthan and one of my relatives is actually named Shishupal. yes , that might sound really strange but he is. There are many people named shishupal and Even Indrajit. May be while keeping name Indrajeet they don’t keep Ravana’s son name in mind.As far as Karna is concerned it is more or less due to image created by novels, poets and sympathy he generates which gets him fame. People have not read epic as such and don’t know his low points. For masses he is very powerful tragic hero.	Hahahahahahahahaha i cant stop laughing at this childish statement. Just copying repeating what arjuna fans say. Do your self a favour. Goto fb type karna first and then arjuna and the results will make you die in shame….lol	
Who is the most tragic and unlucky character in Mahabharata which makes you feel sad about him	Let me present some reality for you, apart from the fan favourite Karna as the tragic character.The PandavasKrishnaa) Both had to struggle right from their birth.b) Both had royal heritage but had to spend most of their time in the forests - displaced, disguised and uprootedc) Both were always hunted and had to be extremely vigilant as they were in danger of being murdered, by their kind) They had to beg or finally fight for their rights.e) Both took the tedious and slow process of righteousness and dharma to reach their goals, though they had the prowess to instantly seek and ensure justice for themselves.The difference between them and others were that they took everything on their chin and didn't wallow in self pity and didn't try to play their martyr syndrome card.We love a good sob and crying story, so we never considered Pandavas and Krishna as tragic heroes as they never broke down or appeared weak.But look into the details of their life's journey, you will realise how tragic it is.	Mahabharata is such a vast story with an array of characters of every shade and emotions, that everyone can relate more to a particular character from all characters according to one’s own nature. A beauty of literature isn’t it. While people can chose one character over other as per their thoughts, my answer to this question is ‘Bhishma Pitamah’.Let me explain this and please bear with me because this may get long :The man has suffered literally worst fate right from the day he was born and has never lived his life for himself. To start with, at the time of his birth, he got separated from his father and grew with only one parent. But he was lucky to have great personalities such as Bhagwan Parshurama, Guru Shukracharya, Dev-Guru Brihaspati as his teachers and perceptors, making him eligible for the throne of hastinapur. But Bhishma not only sacrifice claim to the throne, but also to remain life long celibate, thereby foresaking 2 most pleasurous and rightful things for his father. He earned a blessing in return from his father, of wishful death, not knowing that it will turn curse of his life in future. Not just leaving the throne of hastinapur, he also promised to guard it for whole of his life and will follow anyone who will be seated on it just like he use to follow orders of his father. Then he again saw death of his step brothers Chitrangadh and Vichitravirya. After that came 2nd and 3rd generation i.e Pandu, Dhritrashtra and vidura & kauravas and pandavas. With them family feud only grew stronger. He saw his family members fighting for throne who were like children to him. Dhritrashtra made astreak of bad decisions against welfare of hastinapur and bhishma couldn’t stop him just because of his promise. Unlike others, he was very well aware of subtleness of dharma and tried to made dhritarashtra aware of same but failed. He loved, respected and revered his motherland/country the most and saw the deterioration of politics right infront of his eyes. He though he was very much capable of stopping it by both power and wisdom, he couldn’t do so and saw his motherland/country going down on the spiral path of impeding doom, just standing there crying and lamenting the same. Then when the war was declared, he had to choose the side of adharma forcibly and fight those whom he loved most and who were his great-great-grand-children. Finally even when he was down, he had to bear the pain for almost 51 days lying there and suffering for no mistake of his.Man, just try to imagine his misery and plight but just putting yourself in his position, having utmost love for your family and motherland, having enough power to protect them, but still to honour your word and protect your promise, stand there helplessly watching both of them getting destroyed. Just put yourself in his situation where you love your grand-children the most but out of circumstances has to fight them in a deadly war(He loved arjuna the most out of all family members). As compared to other characters, Bhishma is the most selfless one.But then it was all his destiny to be in such situation. Bhishma was one of eight vasus who tried to steal the divine cow of sage vashistha, and were cursed by him to be born as humans on earth. upon pleading, he relaxed the curse for 7 vasus, but as 1 named prabhasa was the main culprit has designer of whole plan, he bore the wrath of divine sage. Vashistha proclaimed that “7 of would be immediately released of my cursed as soon as you will be born, but you O prabhasa will face the worst fate and suffering for whole of your life.” Upon continous pleading of prabhasa, vashistha took mercy on him and said “I can’t withdraw my curse, but still bless you that you will be the most powerful and would be known as one of the greatest person of your times’”. So, when everyone talks about Arjuna’s and Karna’s archery skill they forget that both were literally nothing infront of bhishma. He was, by both means i.e skill-wise and relation-wise their great-grandfather.Bhishma is one of those characters who not only deserves but commands the respect. His character is one which automatically makes by head bow in respect to him.JSH.	KarnaObviously the elder most Pandava, superior in every war head, but still end up on the losing side. Generosity & trust of best friend (Duryodhan) stopped him to chose the right path .What he wanted for was glory and he get that in “Tons” .SahadevYoungest Pandava ate his father's brain and end up knowing every detail of past present and future but cursed by Krishna not to reveal this…Whole life was a curse as he knew what's going to happen . He knew his children were to be murdered by Ashwathama. His wife will be dragged and molested in court just cause of his elder brothers bad habbit of dice game .Everything was known but he was just waiting for injustice & hatred to stand up there side ..SuyodhanaWell known as Duryodhana .He was just moulded in childhood by a always near Uncle, a Father who can never become strict for his own son's sake, true example of bad parenting leading to creation of a famous grey character in Epic .Many more characters are there will edit this answer after some time …	It is undoubtedly Karna. Born to a princess of Kshetriya community, is brought up by Chariot driver, gets best training in archery warfare, but with a curse, informing him his birth secret just before war, creating a dilemma in his mind, Kunti asking him not use same “Astra” twice in war, Indra taking away the shields with which he was born as dana, Krishna's trick that forced Karna to use the Divine astra meant for Arjuna to be used on Ghatodgaja, killed when he was unarmed etc makes a reader of Mahabharata feel sad and sympathize with the tragic hero of Karna.	
How was the womens position in Mahabharata	The timeline of the Mahabharata events was the Late-Vedic period. Earlier, during the times of the Rig-Veda and the primary Upanishads, women by and large enjoyed a high status in society, in terms of both scope for education and relative freedom from gender discrimination. The high status and respect enjoyed by learned ladies like Gargi and Maitreyi are evidence that the ‘glass ceiling’ was not so prevalent then as a roadblock to women’s advancement in society. The Manu-Smrti, which is basically a compilation of Vedic Laws, unequivocally states the reverence with which women were to be treated:“यत्र नार्य्यस्तु पूज्यन्ते रमन्ते तत्र देवताः।यत्रैतास्तु न पूज्यन्ते सर्व्वास्तत्राफलाः क्रियाः॥शोचन्ति जामयो यत्र विनश्यत्याशु तत् कुलम्।न शोचन्ति तु यत्रैता वर्द्धते तद्धि सर्व्वदा॥[The gods are kind to the homes where women are treated with honour. Where women are not honoured, there all actions (rituals) go in vain. Families where women are unhappy are doomed to be destroyed soon. Homes where women are not unhappy are destined always for greater prosperity. - Manu-Smrti; 3. 56–57]By the late Vedic age, however, there was a general trend towards rigidity in class division and cementing of patriarchal norms (mostly as reaction to encounter with ‘other’ people or tribes), which in turn led to some curtailment of women’s freedom and rights. As I have discussed in a book, titled ‘Marvels and Mysteries of the Mahabharata,’ the status of women, between 1500 to 1000 BCE (a plausible time-range of the Mahabharata period) was briefly as under:A son was considered a passport to heaven, leading to (a pronounced preference for male offspring and to) the practice of kshetraja births . Women were usually respected and protected, but at times were bought, sold, and put up as stakes in games of dice. There was also the custom of presenting beautiful maids as slaves to kings and dignitaries, suggesting a certain tendency to look upon women as property. However, there seems to have been no great gender discrimination here, since male slaves too were staked in dice and presented as gifts. Kings often had several wives and concubines; but a man with a single wife was considered eminently virtuous. There are instances of widows dying with their husbands. But many, such as Satyavati, Kunti, Subhadra and Uttaraa, lived on with their sons and families.Of special relevance to the context is the silence of the elders of the Kuru court to a humiliated Draupadi’s appeal for justice in the Sabha-Parva. The Mahabharata vividly portrays her pitiable plight in the dice hall with an evocative turn of phrase – नाथवतीम् अनाथवत्, meaning ‘a woman who is helpless, despite having husbands (protectors).’ Draupadi’s response to her utterly humiliating experience in being dragged by Duhshasana into the dice hall after Yudhishthira had staked and lost her in his game with Shakuni, was to pose two teary-eyed questions on the legality (and related ethics), of her treatment to Yudhishthira and the assembled elders. The subtlety of the questions, asked in a situation of intense personal trauma, is indicative of her cerebral power and faculty of sharp, logical analysis. Of Yudhishthira, she asked whom he had lost first, himself or her? Of the elders, she enquired what her righteous duty was in the given situation, when Yudhishthira, after gambling away his liberty and becoming himself a slave, had staked his wife in the game of dice. The questions were indeed brilliant. But, given the socio-cultural idiom of the age, they presented a conundrum unamenable to satisfactory solution. No wonder, neither Yudhishthira nor Bhishma, nor the other elders, had a definitive answer. Had Bhishma told her that even though her husband became a slave, she remained in his power and he had the right to stake her, her slavery would have been validated. If, on the other hand, Bhishma had argued that because of his slavery her husband had no rights over her, then her status would have been even more grievously untenable.If indeed Draupadi was to disown relationship with her husband, she would have been in a worse state than a widow. From Rig-Vedic times, there are references to the wretched lot of abandoned wives living in their fathers’ house. But there was no precedent of a woman herself denying her husband. For such a woman, getting even a lowly position, let alone an honourable one, in her paternal household, would have been quite impossible.It is another matter that Draupadi by the sheer force of her own personality, managed to extricate herself and her husbands from slavery. But the trauma suffered by her was indication enough that Kshatriya patriarchy did not lift a finger to rescue her from grievous injustice. The contemporaneous Kshatriya code of ethics had clearly degenerated from the high standards of the aforementioned original Vedic dictum of ‘ यत्र नार्य्यस्तु पूज्यन्ते रमन्ते तत्र देवताः.’ But it was also validation of the later part of the same dictum, that: ‘शोचन्ति जामयो यत्र विनश्यत्याशु तत् कुलम् ,’ in as much as one of the major consequences of inflicting unhappiness on Draupadi was the destruction of her Kuru tormentors.Viewed in a cognate light again, Draupadi’s resolutely argued defence of herself in the face of the Kshatriya patriarchy is an example that determined women blessed with intelligence and will-power could fend for themselves during the Mahabharata times.References:Marvels and Mysteries of the Mahabharata: Probing the Folds of India’s Epochal Tragedy, by Abhijit Basu, Platinum Press, pp. 9–10; 105–107.Yuganta: The End of an Epoch, by Irawati Karve, Orient BlackSwan, pp. 89–91.Mahabharat Saranuvad (Bengali), by Rajsekhar Basu, MC Sarkar Pvt Ltd, Kolkata, Introduction pages.Manu Samhita, Arya Shastra Publications, Kolkata, Chapter-3, Verse- 56, 57.	Women as a human is modern concept by modern I mean post 1900’s.An essential quality to be judged as a human is right to use brains and follow the heartIn Mahabharat, or Ramayana or any of the purana and middle ages, women were property to be passed on from a father to husband. To be lived under the protection of first father,then husband and after husband's death under the protection of son.Society has been patriarchal in the known history of human civilization.Of course they have been treated well by some heroes in our stories not all though. A lot of heroes get away with ill treating them under the pretext of being bound by Dharma.Women is not deemed equal to a man in patriarchy -In Patriarchy a woman is supposed to shut down her brains and heart. She cannot make a choice for herself or any important decisions regarding her lifeAll decisions were made by men. Of course lot of women were ALLOWED education, some even martial training or charioteering skills. We have a lot of rishikas composing vedic mantras, kaikeyi the famous charioteer, satyabhama and shikhandi the warrior etc. Some women got to be regents till their sons came of age. But still decision making regarding their life was always with father brother husband and son.And of course men would fight for them just like they would fight for any property of theirs.	whether it is Mahabharata or any vedic yuga, Womens position in Hinduism was the highest. Acc to hunduism , all gods reside in Mother.You can name any saatvik women tbey were considered at the top most level.There is a concept in Madhwashaastra which is called ANTARGAT.people used to see women antargat Lakshmi devi/ Parvati devi/ Saraswati Devi etc.but this all was dependent on her purity which ws top most for women in those days compared to Kaliyuga or Sandhikaal of Kaliyuga.we hv many women like Sati Savitri, Anusuya, Draupadi, etc who held tremendous power of their own. Even demi gods used to be in fear of the anger of women.	
What happened to the Indraprasth Palace after the Kurukshetra War	Indraprasth palace remained as it was,always.Arjuna and Krishna visited the palace after the Kurukshetra war.indraprasthe mahAtmAnau remAte kRRiShNapANDavau |pravishya tAM sabhAM ramyAM vijahrAte cha bhArata || 5||ExcerptVaisampayana said, 'O lord of the earth, Vasudeva and Dhananjaya were highly pleased when the Pandavas had succeeded in regaining and pacifying their dominions, and they deported themselves with great satisfaction, like unto Indra and his consort in the celestial regions, and amidst picturesque woodland sceneries, and tablelands of mountains, and sacred places of pilgrimage, and lakes and rivers, they travelled with great pleasure like the two Aswins in the Nandana garden of Indra. And, O Bharata, the high-souledKrishna and the son of Pandu (Dhananjaya) entering the beautiful hall of assembly at Indraprastha whiled away their time in great merriment.Krishna and Arjuna roamed through mountains,forests,sacred places,lakes and rivers..Both the friends take pleasure in wandering,exploring new territoriesThey were like the twin gods Aswinis having great time in Nandan van of Indra.Krishna and Arjuna visited Indraprasth.They entered the royal palace and the famous assembly hall that turned the course of history.How did they spend time?by recounting the stirring incidents of warAnd those two high-souled ancient sages ( Nar Narayan) recited the genealogy of the races of sages and gods.And then Janarddana comforted the son of Pritha afflicted by the death of his sons, and thousands of other relatives.And he of great ascetic merit and knowing the science of all things having duly consoled him,Arjuna rested for a while, as if a great burden had been removed from his own person.Indraprasth rekindled beautiful memories and Partha was upset.That was the place they built from scratch..they turned Khandav Prasth to Indraprasth.Arjuna must have thought of good old days of joy,his triumphs,his conquests,the day he brought Subhadra there…and the way he pacified his first wife Yajnaseni.the birth of Abhimanyu,his dearest son and Upapandavas…The way he trained them in science of weapons..His memorable moments with Krishna at Yamuna shores,the Khandav dahanFinallythe palace,the Mayasabha that brought them unparalelled glory along with unbearable pain..Arjuna revisited his past and naturally he was sad,sorrowful..But his soulmate is there to console him..and cheer him again..how fortunate Parth is to have the Almighty on his side at every step !Arjuna rested there free of burden,rejuvenated by Krishna’s words..Not to forgetKrishna instructed him ‘ Anugita’ there at Indraprasth..in that palace..FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Anugitaparva ch 15Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Ashwamedha Parva Anurita Parva Section XVI	Indraprastha was actually Khandavprastha, a barren land (presently Delhi) which was Given to Pandavas during division of Kingdom.Obviously when it was given to Pandavas by Hastinapur, it means it belonged to Hanstinapur.So after war, the kingdom Joined And became Hastinapur again.Hope India and Pakistan Reunite without war.	
Who is the student of Arjuna	Arjuna shared his knowledge to many people younger to him….But among all those , there were only few notable students mentioned in MahabharataArjuna took an oath that he will make Parikshit(Abimanyu's son ) a great warrior on his time of birth …And also promised Karna at his death bed that he would teach all the techniques of archery to Karna's 9th son, Prasena(8 year old kid who was the only son among all other 9 sons alive after the war)and make him equally to a great warrior as Karna…So Arjuna had Prasena and Parikshit as his students…And then Parikshit became the King of Hastinapur's Throne after Yudishtra….Edit : Satyaki, a great warrior of the Yadhava Clan who was a cousin of Krishna and a best friend of Arjuna where Arjuna “trained” him ( he did not teach him with basics but made him to improve his archery skills)…..So in that way Satyaki was also a student of ArjunaThank you…Edit 1 : So many people are with many stories in my comment box but to be clear….. Mahabharata is an epic that took place thousands of years ago…. The overall story depicts the same in all the versions of Mahabharata but these minute incidents differs…. it's more or less like a Chinese whisper ( that's get 's modified has the days get passed)I have written my answer in my perspective and the what majority of the versions tell…. Which may or may not differ with other lots and lots of versions…Thank you ^_^	The list is very big. So better to say…students.Sabhaparva provides the list of kashatriyas who were present at Mayasabha when Yudhishtir inaugurated and adorned the Sabha.The Epic tells these are there to learn warfare from Arjuna.And the list goes…onExcerpt.And so also numerous principal Kshatriyas, such as the illustrious and virtuous Mujaketu, Vivarddhana, Sangramjit, Durmukha, the powerful Ugrasena; Kakshasena, the lord of the Earth, Kshemaka the invincible; Kamatha, the king of Kamvoja, and the mighty Kampana who alone made the Yavanas to ever tremble at his name just as the god that wieldeth the thunder-bolt maketh those Asuras, the Kalakeyas, tremble before him; Jatasura, and the king of the Madrakas, Kunti, Pulinda the king of the Kiratas, and the kings of Anga and Vanga, and Pandrya, and the king of Udhara, and Andhaka; Sumitra, and Saivya that slayer of foes; Sumanas, the king of the Kiratas, and Chanur the King of the Yavanas, Devarata, Bhoja, and the so called Bhimaratha, Srutayudha--the king of Kalinga, Jayasena the king of Magadha; and Sukarman, and Chekitana, and Puru that slayer of foes; Ketumata, Vasudana, and Vaideha and Kritakshana: Sudharman, Aniruddha, Srutayu endued with great strength; the invincible Anuparaja, the handsome Karmajit; Sisupala with his son, the king of Karusha; and the invincible youths of the Vrishni race, all equal in beauty unto the celestials, viz., Ahuka, Viprithu, Sada, Sarana, Akrura, Kritavarman, and Satyaka, the son of Sini; and Bhismaka, Ankriti, and the powerful Dyumatsena, those chief of bowmen viz., the Kaikeyas and Yajnasena of the Somaka race; these Kshatriyas endured with great might, all well-armed and wealthy, and many others also regarded as the foremost, all waited upon Yudhishthira, the son of Kunti, in that Sabha, desirous of ministering to his happiness. And those princes also,endued with great strength ,Who dressing themselves in deer skins learnt the science of weapons under Arjuna waited upon Yudhishthira. And O king, the princes also of the Vrishni race, viz., Pradyumna (the son of Rukmini) and Samva, and Yuyudhana the son of Satyaki and Sudharman and Aniruddha and Saivya that foremost of men who had learnt the science of arms under Arjuna these and many other kings, O lord of the Earth, used to wait on Yudhishthira on that occasion.We could see the list of kings present there and the princes of those kingdoms became Arjuna’s disciples..They wore deer skin and learnt the science of weapons from him..Point to be noted,Pradyumna,Samba,Satyaki,,Aniruddha,Saivya etc Vrishni heroes also learnt warfare from Arjuna.Abhimanyu was trained by Arjuna at Indraprasth.The child from his earliest years became the favourite of Vasudeva and of his father and uncles, like the moon of all the people of the world. Upon his birth, Krishna performed the usual rites of infancy. The child began to grow up like the Moon of the bright fortnight. That grinder of foes soon became conversant with the Vedas and acquired from his father the science of weapon both celestial and human, consisting of four branches and ten divisions."Endued with great strength, the child also acquired the knowledge of counteracting the weapons hurled at him by others, and great lightness of hand and fleetness of motion forward and backward and transverse and wheeling. Abhimanyu became like unto his father in knowledge of the scriptures and rites of religionAbhimanyu admitted that he learnt the knowledge of breaking of Chakravyuha from his father.Upa Pandavas were trained by Arjuna“The sons of Draupadi were born, each at the interval of one year, and all of them became renowned and much attached to one another. And, O monarch, all their rites of infancy and childhood, such as Chudakarana and Upanayana (first shave of the head and investiture with the sacred threads) were performed by Dhaumya according to the ordinance. All of them, of excellent behaviour and vows, after having studied the Vedas,acquired from Arjuna knowledge of all the weapons,celestial and human.Chitra RadhaArjuna taught him Agneyastra.Hence we could see Arjuna as the great teacher who imparted his knowledge of warfare to solicitors ….All the reputed princes of that time got trained by him..Not only in archery but also in terms of teaching….Arjuna continued the legacy of Drona.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Adi ParvaSabha Parva Section 4Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationAdi Parva CCXXIIISabha Parva IV	I don't know if there were many, but the Mahabharat mentions about three, who learnt some techniques of archery from him. The first one was Chitrarath, the king of Gandharvas. Arjuna taught him the technique of the Agneya astra. The second one was Satyaki, his friend and the cousin of lord Krishna. Under Arjuna's guidance, he became a most skillful Archer. The last one was prince Uttar, the son of king Virat. Apart from these, Arjuna imparted the art of dance and music to Uttara, the sister of Uttar.	
How can we say that Ramayana Mahabharata are real when the Harappan civilization doesnt depict any godly person or concept	Harappan civilization is a three millennium BCE old episode that existed during Bronze Age. Up to 1921, there were no structural evidences or folktales about this civilization. The modern findings are more speculations based on evidences found during excavation.Ramayana and Mahabharata are only millennium BCE old that took place during Epic Period. There is a plethora of structural evidences in all across India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Afghanistan. The folktales are popular and passed on from generations to generations for centuries. The poems of Ramayana and Mahabharata are added evidences.If one believes existence of Harappa simply based on structural evidences without documentary evidence, it is folly not to believe existence Ramayana and Mahabharata, which have both the evidences, structural as well as documentary.	Ramayana and Mahabharata are epics. Epics are stories based on some incident happened ages ago, passed on words of mouth generation to generation. Surprisingly the knowledge of Sage Valmiki on geographic locations of our Country are real even today.	
Why are Sri Ram and Sri Krishna avatars so different	Because they are Lila Avatars & Lila Avatars perform different types of activities as compared to other types of Avatars.In Srimad Bhagavatam, there is mention of 6 categories of Avatars. They are known as:Purusha AvatarsLila AvatarsGuna AvatarsManvantara AvatarsYuga AvatarsShaktyavesha AvatarsNow, let us know about different categories of Avatars, along with the examples:Purusha AvatarsKrishna first incarnates as the 3 Purusha Avatars namely:Karanodakashayi Vishnu - "The Lord who is lying on the causal ocean".Garbhodakashayi Vishnu - "The Lord who is lying on the universal ocean".Kshirodakashayi Vishnu - "The Lord who is lying on the ocean of milk".Lila AvatarasA list of Lila Avatars (pastime incarnations) mentioned in the Srimad-Bhagavatam is:KumarasNaradaVarahaMatsyaYajnaNara-NarayanaKardamiDattatreyaHayasirsaHamsaDhruvapriya or PrsniggarbhaRsabhaPrthuNrsmhaKurmaDhanvantariMohiniVamanaBhargava ParasuramaRamachandraVyasaPrlambhari BalaramaKrishnaBuddhaKalkiGuna AvatarsDifferent forms of Lord assumes responsibility of different modes of natureLord Vishnu: Sattvik Guna = Mode of goodness = MaintanenceLord Brahma: Rajas Guna = Mode of passion = CreationLord Siva: Tamas Guna = Mode of ignorance = DestructionManvantara AvatarsBrahma's day i.e. 1,000 catur yugas is divided into fourteen periods of the rule of Manus (fathers of mankind) known as Manvantaras. The incarnations during these Manvantaras are listed as follows:YajnaVibhuSatyasenaHariVaikunthaAjitaSarvabhaumaRsabhaVisvaksenaDharmaSudhamaYogesvaraBrhadbhanuYuga AvatarFour yugas (Ages) which come in cycles:Satya yuga, lasting 1,728,000 yearsTreta yuga, lasting 1,296,000 yearsDwapara yuga, lasting 864,000 yearsKali yuga, lasting 432,000 yearsIn each of these Yugas, the Lord incarnates with a different body color according to the Yuga:āsan varṇās trayo hy asya gṛhṇato ’nuyugaṁ tanūḥśuklo raktas tathā pīta idānīṁ kṛṣṇatāṁ gataḥKrishna appears as an incarnation in every millennium. In the past, He assumed three different colors - white, red and yellow - and now he has appeared in a blackish color.In the Satya yuga a white avatara appeared to Kardama muni to establish meditation as the process for self-realization.In the Treta yuga a red avatara appeared to Brahma to establish fire sacrifice as the process for self-realization.In the Dvapara yuga a dark avatara (Krishna) appeared as the son of Devaki to establish temple worship as the process for self-realization.In the Kali yuga a Yellow avatara appeared (Chaitanya Mahaprabhu) as the son of Sachi Mata to establish the chanting of the holy names (nama-sankirtana) as the process for self-realization.Shaktyavesha AvatarsThere is no limit to the number of shaktyavesha incarnations. But some are mentioned in the vedic literatures as examples. They are of two kinds, direct and indirect.When the Lord Himself expands displaying a particular power of His opulences, He is known as Sakshat.When He empowers a living entity with some particular sakti - power, for some specific activity, to represent Him , that living entity is called indirect or avesha incarnation.Avesha incarnations:Four Kumaras empowered with knowledge.Narada empowered with devotional service.Brahma empowered with creative power.King Pritu empowered with power to maintain living beings.Parasurama empowered with power to kill evil elements.VedaVyasa to compile the vedas.This, is the summary study of different kinds of incarnations.	It is because of the age they belong to. If you read Mahabharat, you find many things relatable even today due to the proximity of Kali Yuga to Dwapara Yuga. Treta Yuga had more morality compared to other. Therefore, it is generally said, Rama walked the path of Dharma; however, Krishna first walked and create a path and would then state how it is Dharma!	
Why wasnt Arjuna the main leader in the war as he was way better than Dhrishtadyumna	Thanks for the questionArjuna was the commander over all seven akshouhinis,their leaders and Drishtadyumna.Udyoga Parva clearly provided the information. I hope people who think he was not will realise the fact .This is the way in which the selection of commanders took place.When Yudhishtir asked the opinion of his brothers and Krishna regarding their choiceSahadev opted for Virat,Nakul suggested Drupad,Bhima proposed SikhandiArjuna suggested Drishtadyumna..Krishna supported Arjuna’s choice.Then Yudhishtir declaredExcerptVaisampayana continued, 'Summoning then those warriors eager for battle, viz., Drupada and Virata, and that bull of Sini's race, and Dhrishtadyumna the prince of Panchala, and king Dhrishtaketu, and prince Shikhandi of Panchala, and Sahadeva, the ruler of the Magadhas, Yudhishthira duly appointed them in the command of his seven divisions. And above them all was placed in command of all the troops that Dhrishtadyumna who had sprung from the blazing (sacrificial) fire for the destruction of Drona. And Dhananjaya, of curly hair, was made the leader of all those high-souled leaders. And handsome Janardana endued with great intelligence, he who was the younger brother of Sankarshana, was chosen as the guide of Arjuna and the driver of his steeds.'So the Seven commanders of Seven akshouhinis areDrupada,Virata,Sikhandi,Sahadeva,Satyaki,Drishtaketu And Drishtadyumna.Drishtdyumna will be the commander of all seven akshouhinis and their commanders.Dhananjaya will be the leader of all the above mentioned commanders.Krishna will be the driver of Arjuna’s chariot and will guide him through out.ExcerptsarvasenApatiM chAtra dhRRiShTadyumnamupAdishat |droNAntahetorutpanno ya iddhA~njAtavedasaH || 12||sarveShAmeva teShAM tu samastAnAM mahAtmanAm |senApatipatiM chakre guDAkeshaM dhana~njayam || 13||arjunasyApi netA cha sa.nyantA chaiva vAjinAm |sa~NkarShaNAnujaH shrImAnmahAbuddhirjanArdanaH || 14||The second verse mentioned..Gudakesa was Senapatipati..the Leader of commanders.HenceArjuna was the chief commander over Drishtadyumna and other commanders. He was the Senapatipati Of Pandava army..with Krishna as his guide and charioteer.Foot NotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Udyoga Parva Ch 153Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Of Mahabharata Udyoga Parva Section CLVIII	While the Pandavas spent a long 13 years away from their kingdom, the Kauravas were trying their best to bolster their strength, through Saama, Daana, Bheda and Danda methods against the neighbouring kingdoms. The Panchalas, naturally due to their marital relationship with the Pandavas and their antagonism to Dronacharya, could never become friends with the Kauravas. Also the children of the Pandavas, upon whom their hopes rested, (except for Abhimanyu who lived with Krishna and Pradyumna), lived with the Panchalas only. King Drupada had become old, and had it not been for the powerful military leadership of Dhrishtadyumna, the Panchalas could have faced repeated attacks and even total defeat and consequent merger with the powerful Hastinapura kingdom. Recall that it was fear of Kichaka’s military prowess that kept the Kauravas from attacking the Matsya kingdom. In a similar way, through the tremendous military leadership skills of Dhrishtadyumna, the Panchalas were able to preserve their independence and also maintain their military might in anticipation of the great war that was to come after the 13 years.Arjuna was the greatest individual warrior of the time, there is no doubt about that. But Dhrishtadyumna had proven military leadership skills.Hence it was a well chosen decision.	Thanks for the query. Part of this question has been answered by Lakshmi Telidevera’s answer so do have a look here. But as far as the aspect goes into Arjuna being a better warrior than Dhrishtadyumna and for that matter even Bhima etc. - my view is this:a) The Pandavas were without a kingdom at that time. Although highly in respect, their armies were of the relatives or their supporter and large contribution of the fighting force were by the Panchalas and Drupada. Dhristadyumna was a great warrior, a prince, Drupada’s son, the one supposedly destined to kill Drona (in howsoever debatable a way) and the one natural to lead this force.Main forces were of Panchalas and Matsya , Chedis i think and Ghatotakacha forces.Of this the Panchalas under king Drupada were the seniormost and Dhrishtadyumna their chief (by virtue of being the commander in chief of Drupada and a prince).b) Probably if King Shalya had joined them (if not fooled and tricked by Duryodhana into joining him), then by seniority , strength and experience, he may have been considered the leader.And in any case, if you look at it from point of view of any sport, and in some way the war resembles a sport: Arjuna was a forward striker .He had many leadership qualities but he was not supposed to stand around and supervise things. He had to strike and srike he did, supported by Bhima, Satyaki, Abhimanyu, Ghatotakacha and these guys together tore apart most of the Kaurava’s army. Arjuna, Bhima had to be very mobile and concentrating on destroying the enemy rather than supervisory tasks.	Arjuna, as a warrior was par excellence. However, he was a highly sensitive and emotional person. As, a war needs to be fought with a calm, diplomatic and stable mindset, Arjuna could never have been able to do justice with this responsibility. On the other hand, Dhristadyumna was not only an excellent warrior, with a sharp analytical vision, but also with a most efficient mindset to chalk out strategies for the most difficult situations. Further, he was born with a destiny to kill Dronacharya, one of the most formidable warriors on the side of the kouravas. Hence, he was undoubtedly a better choice than Arjuna, who could never have succeeded in even disarming the mighty Acharya, much less than killing him.	Except Dhristadyumna and Droupadi Children of Drupada Àll other Pandavas were had soft minded with KOURAVAS.It was preserised by Droupadi for the war while Krushna leaving for RAYABARA to Hastinpur.From:-Mitai Mohan.	Arjuna is one of the favourite target in war of Kauravas. It is a very good strategy to make someone like dhristyadyumna the leader. If pandavas make arjuna the leader then arjuna couldn't be able to fight freely as Leader has many responsibilities. As you can see that Bhishma the Best warrior got killed because pandavas know that the leader is the very important factor.So I think it was a very good strategy to make Dhristadyumna the leader. Pandavas also give him proper defense to lead the time safely and Kauravas didn't think of taking down the leader and at last the best strategist wins the war.	
Why was Arjun called The purushreshth or best among the Pandavas by Shri Krishna	Purushrestha word used long time ago than Arjuna. At that time, Kurushrestha words was using on the name of king Kuru. Krishna liked Arjuna the most among Pandavas as both were of same age and best friend	He was called purushresth by krishna because before the war ended he listend to the baghawad gita now known as the holy book of the hindus and he even listened to what sri krishna told arjuna	
Where in BORI or KMG Mahabharat does it mention that Drupad had enmity with Bhishma as shown in Star Plus Mahabharat 2013 Was it his wish to have an offspring who can kill Bhishma	Thanks for A2AYes. Drupada has enemity with Bhishma ..It was mentioned in Bori and KMG.Drupada wanted a son who could kill Bhishma. He did severe penance and gratified Mahadeva.In Udyoga Parva Bhishma tells Duryothana thus.Excerpt from BoriasmadvadhArthaM nishchitya tapo ghoraM samAsthitaH |lebhe kanyAM mahAdevAtputro me syAditi bruvan || 4||bhagavanputramichChAmi bhIShmaM pratichikIrShayA |ityukto devadevena strIpumA.nste bhaviShyati || 5||Excerpt KMGBhishma said, 'O great king, the eldest and beloved queen of king Drupada was, O monarch, childless (at first). During those years, king Drupada, O monarch, paid his adoration to the god Sankara for the sake of offspring, resolving in his mind to compass my destruction and practising the austerest of penances. And he begged Mahadeva, saying, 'Let a son, and not a daughter, be born unto me. I desire, O god, a son for revenging myself upon Bhishma.' Thereupon, that god of gods said unto him, 'Thou shalt have a child who will be a female and male. Desist, O king, it will not be otherwise.'As per Bhishma’s words Drupada wanted to take revenge on him.Drupada’s Queen was childless.Drupada wanted offspring and meditated on Mahadev, performing severe austerities.He prayed to Mahadev for a son to kill Bhishma but got Sikhandi Who is male female to kill Bhishma.Why did Drupada want to take revenge on Bhishma?This also was answered by Vidura in Adi Parva.After Arjuna won Draupadi the news reaches Hastinapur. Discussions happen among Bhishma,Drona,Dhritarashtra,Vidura Duryodhana and Karna.Then Vidura said thus.द्रुपदोऽपि महान्राजा कृतवैरश्च नः पुरा।तस्य संग्रहणं राजन्स्वपक्षस्य विवर्धनम्॥ 1-224-27 SEExcerpt kMGThis kindly behaviour of thine,O monarch, towards the Pandavas will be an act of great benefit to us, protecting the lives of us all that belong to Kuru's race, and leading to the growth of the whole Kshatriya order! We had formerly warred with king Drupada .If we can now secure him as an ally ,it will strengthen our party.war happened between Hastinapur and Panchal previously.It is crystal clear from Bhishma and Vidura’s words that there was past rivalry between Hastinapur and Panchal.That is Why Drupada wished to have a son who could kill Bhishma.Source ReferencesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Udyoga Parva 189Southern Edition Kumbhakonam Sanskrit version Adi Parva 1–224–27Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationAdi Parva CXCIUdyogaParva CCVII	
Why does the Ramayana seem more fantastical than the Mahabharata	There are various reasons for it. I'll try to explain some of them :-The first reason is perfection. Ramayan was written to be flawless while Mahabharat has many flaws. These flaws were intentionally put into Mahabharat.Ramayan tries to show that how a man should be. That's why it projects the character Maryada Purushottam Shri Ram. While on the other hands,Mahabharat shows how a man is i.e. true face of a man.Good vs evil concept. In Ramayan it's simply a fight between good and evil. Lord Ram and his army fought for his wife simply to end the rule of evil and establish charity.People of our generation have grown up watching the movies based on the same concept. It has changed the perception of people as they think it can't happen in real life. While Mahabharat is not completely based only on this concept. In this Every character has different reason to fight as you can observe. You can't just justify the every action of every character in it. While in Ramayan every action Ram is Justified and every action of Ravan is unjustified.The most important reason is characters in both epics. In Ramayan , Ram is purely good while Ravan is purely evil. But in Mahabharat, no one is perfect. Even Duryodhan has good things and Yudhishthir has bad things. Duryodhan had very reasons to fight for Hastinapur being son of elder brother of Kind Pandu. If Dhritarashtra wasn't blind then Hastinapur would have gone in his hand only. You'll find every character in Mahabharat is full of flaws like a true human. You can't even justify the action of Lord Krishna at some time.Last thing is philosophy. Mahabharat gives philosophies which is still very much valid in today's world but Ramayan lacks of it.Thank you for scrolling down.Have a nice day.	Both are amazing events, and both have been archaeologically proven to be actual events. The Ramayana probably happened 2 to 3 thousand years before the Mahabharata; so the events are often clouded by embellishments and legends.	
Why was Arjun hailed the best when every Pandava had his own quality in which they were best in	Thanks for the question.The other Pandavas are good in their own way. But Arjuna is good in every way.Arjuna’s birth itself stands proof for his supremacy over the other Pandavas.After the birth of Vrikodara, Pandu again began to think, 'How am I to obtain a very superior son who shall achieve world-wide fame?By then Pandu got Yudhishtir and Bhim. But his earnest desire is to get a superior son.Hence Pandu decided to worship Indra the god Of celestials.Pandu wanted a son superior to allPandu thought thus“Indeed, the son he gives me must be superior to all and capable of vanquishing in battle all men and creatures other than men. I shall, therefore, practice the severest austerities, with heart, deed and speech.'Pandu did penance standing on one leg to get Indra’s grace.Indra’s boonExcerpt"It was after a long time that Indra (gratified with such devotion) approached Pandu and, addressing him, said, 'I shall give thee, O king, a son who will be celebrated all over the three worlds and who will promote the welfare of Brahmanas, kine and all honest men. The son I shall give thee will be the smiter of the wicked and the delight of friends and relatives. Foremost of all men, he will be an irresistible slayer of all foes.Indra’s words indicate how the son of Pandu will be..Precisely he will beworld famous with his achievementsExtremely handsomecaretaker of BrahminsDestroyer of the wickedDelighter Of friends and relatives.Pandu then told KuntiThe lord of the celestials is willing to give us a son who isof superhuman achievements and great fame.He will be the oppressor of all enemiesand possessed of great wisdom.He will be equal to Sun in splendour,invincible in battle,a great achiever and very handsome .putraM janaya sushroNi dhAma kShatriyatejasAm |labdhaH prasAdo devendrAttamAhvaya shuchismite. Invoking him, bring thou forth a child who will be the very home of Kshatriya virtues.Arjuna’s birth itself is motivated by Pandu’s desire to have the most superior son…the best in every way.So it is quite natural that Arjuna is endowed with excellence in true sense like Indra said and Pandu desired..Arjuna is well versed in scriptures …and abides by dharma...a quality that Yudhishtir posessed.Arjuna is mighty,valourous and invincible…Like BhimaArjuna is extremely handsome…like NakulaArjuna is intelligent…like Sahadeva..HenceArjuna personifies Pandu’s wish and Indra’s boonAnd above allKrishna confessedmamaiva tvaM tavaivAhaM ye madIyAstavaiva te |yastvAM dveShTi sa mAM dveShTi yastvAmanu sa mAmanu || 38||You are mine, similarly I am yours. My friends are your friends. Whoever shows enmity to you he is my enemy too; whoever stands by you also stands by me."Arjuna is the heart and soul of Krishna…isn’t that enough to hail him as the best?FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionAdi Parva ch 114Vana Parv ch 254Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationAdi Parva CXXIIIVana Parva XXXVI	It could be for any number of reasons. The fact that Arjuna was the direct ancestor of all the Kuru Kings via his son Abhimanyu, whose son Parikshit succeeded Yudhishtira, might give storytellers reasons to highlight Arjuna’s feats more than those of the other Pandavas. There is also the fact that, character-wise, Arjuna is the most focused of the Pandavas. As a child, he was the most dedicated to sharpening his skills and prowess. As an adult, he was often the man of action, taking initiative at every turn. He was the one who strung the bow and won Draupadi, he was the one who shot the arrows that killed Bheeshma and Karna and he was also the one who challenged Ashwattama. If there’s a central protagonist to Mahabharata, it’s probably Arjuna.	Arjuna could break any vyuhs like chakravyuhArjuna had qualified himself to access divine weaponsArjuna is the first person to see krishnas infinite viraat roop.Arjuna remained undefeated in battleFor years tv serials movies and what not are made to make karna famous and demean Arjuna yet more and more people name their children after Arjuna and Abhimanyu EVEN TODAY.	Arjuna was a dharmagya while yudhisthira was a darmatma ,Arjuna was a mace fighter like bheemaArjuna was handsome like nakulArjuna was knowledgeable like sahdevArjuna was the world's best ArjunaArjuna was the rishi nar himselfArjuna fought with lord ShivaArjuna won draupadi's swaymwarEven ulipi was mesmerized by the personality of ArjunaArjuna was Krishna s friendArjuna received the knowledge of bhadvad Gita which no one other didI hope these points clarify why Arjuna is hailed the best among pandavas	Arjuna/Nara a Part of Narayana was Boon Borned to kill Karna/the OLDEST DEMON Sahasrakavacha,and The One of the Bestest Dhanurdhari and Booned with Pasupatastra and protected/Blessed by Lord Vishnu/NARAYAN as krushna and also Recognised shishya of Dronacharya and even Maharathi.as such he was non comparable. From:-Mitai Mohan	Arjuna was considered to be best of everyone.He was more close to Lord Krishna .He was recipient of Bhagvath Gita.He was focused,hardworking student.He was favorite student of Guru Drona.He has laser sharp focus which made him world's best archer.He was physically and mentally balanced person.He has a habit of controlling his sleep.He was best at everything.He plays musical instruments and a good classical dancer.Discipline,Determination,Focus,Humanity,Humbleness,Intellect made him best of pandavas.Even Draupadi loved Arjuna among all the pandavas when he won in the swayamvar.	
Did Ramayana and the Mahabharata existed in Indonesia Cambodia Vietnam and Laos Did it originate from Lemuria How much share goes to India	Ramayana & Mahabharatha are real & not mythological or a myth. It happened on Indian soil. Even today remnants of the places are in existence. Hastinapur , capital of Kauravas & later Pandavas has ruins. So is Dwarka in sea near Gujarat coast . As for Ramayana, Sitas father had a palace in Janakpur which is modern day Nepal. So, Ramayana Dance drama originated in India from where it spread to other countries who adapted it with their style. Lemuria continent is no way connected to all this.Janakpur, Nepal - WikipediaPalace of King Janaka : Father of Sita :Hastinapur Ruins of Kauravas Palace :	
Did Duryodhana fight any war other than the war at Kurukshetra If yes what were the results	Yes, he did fight other wars. One was with Gandarvas where he lost and was captured. This is from Ghosh yatra parva of Mahabharat.He fights Guru Dakshina war with Drupad which he lost as per KMG. AS per BORI all students of Drona went together and captured Drupad in direct Narrative. However, in other narrative there is clearly given that sons of Pandu specially Arjuna captured Drupad which verifies KMG claim that Kauravas lost in their first attempt to capture Drupad.These are two battles he took part directly in mahabharat but the other war he took part was in Harivamsha which is also part of Mahabharat as an appendix. In that war he sided with Jarasandha and Bhishma, karna, shalya aided him. They all attacked Krishna who was busy at other front. So Pradyumna checked them all. He used his mystical powers and captured them all and threw them in cave of illusions. Thus Duryodhana lost this war too.In a nutshell he lost all wars in which he participated as per my knowledge. However, if we take this as a war too then he won one while abduction of his wife, the Kalinga princess. When the princess rejected him in swaymwar he abducted her with help of Karna. There they defeated other kings. However, should that be considered Victory of Duryodhana or Just prowess of Karna is other debate.	
Is there any book in the world other than the Mahabharata have any record of the Kurukshetra War	The battle of Kuru Kshetra is the destruction of the "Kurus" ( tendencies and desire for material prosperity) by Arjuna ( the Satwic wisdom) and Bhima ( through Pranayama- breathing out the illusion of material desire and breathing in the Truth of the supreme being ) guided by the Lord of the Yoga (the tatwam called Krishna).The various tendencies of the mind should be destroyed until they vanish together.The Mahabharata war will continue as long as the plexus and nadis exist in man.So Mahabharata war was not a physical war as wrongly understood by many . It is our own war against our lower material desires which obstruct us from reaching our goal to know and understand the Krishna within us.adapted from my ( soon to be published book ) Inside- Out- a philosophical enquiry of Hindu Dharma .HariOm	
What is the relation between Drupadi and Krishna	Lord Krishna's aunt Devi Kunti (mother of Pandavas) was sister of Vasudev, Krishna's father. As Draupadi was wife of the Pandavas she was actually the sister-in-law of Krishna. But, besides this relationship they shared a very special relationship.Draupadi and Krishna were best friends and they loved each other as friends. Krishna called her 'sakhi' and she called him 'sakha'. They were always there for each other. When Krishna cut his hand by 'Sudarshan Chakra' after killing the evil, Sishupala, Panchali immediately tore her saree and wrapped Krishna's finger. Krishna promised Draupadi that He will come to any help of her when she call Him.In the assembly Hall, when the wicked Dushashana was disrobing her nobody came to rescue her except Krishna.After the deceiving dice-game and humiliation of Draupadi when Krishna went to meet Pandavas and Krishnaa (Draupadi) to the forest, seeing Krishna, Draupadi broke down before Him . Krishna consoled her, “My dear,I promise you that all these insults will be paid for”.He also saved her and her husbands from the curse of sage Durvasa, who was well-known for his ill-temper.It is unfortunate that many writers have said that they both had feelings for each other. They were sexually attracted to each other. Actually, they can't accept that a woman and man just being friends. But, the truth is the love they had was nothing more than the love for friends; the love between the God and His devotee.	
According to the Mahabharata who was cursed by his father to be born crooked when he was still in his mothers womb	The great sage “Ashtavakra” while in his mother's womb once heard his father reciting Vedic shlokas. He asked his father for recorrection in his pronunciation of shloka.Upon hearing this(baby who is still in foetus correcting his father) he became angry and cursed that “you will be born crooked at 8 places that followed his name - “ASHTAVAKRA i.e 8 bends”Later on he revived his father by his Vedic knowledge. He was also spiritual master of renowned king Janaka( father of Mata Sita) and author of Ashtavakra Geeta.Hope this helped you, Hare Krishna.	Ashtavakra which means crooked/bends at eight places. Now how he got this was - his father had cursed him when he while being in the womb corrected his fathers recitation of the vedas. Hearing this the furious father cursed him to be born with bends rather handicaps at eight places. However with all the deformaties Ashtavakra later grew up to be a revered sage.	Ashtavakra was the famous one with 8 vakras in his body. It was not a curse by his father Kahola, but the baby in the womb with full knowledge of Vedas had deformed itself unable to bear the mistakes made by Kahola in reciting Vedas.	According to the Mahabharata, who was cursed by his father to be born crooked when he was still in his mother's womb?Ashtavakra - eight crooked	Ashtavakra.This question appeared in “Kaun Banega Crorepati” recently. Amitabh Bachchan read out the brief explanation that the name Ashtavakra meant crooked in eight places.	
Is the Mahabharata the holy book of Hindus	The Mahabharata is an epic, a grand story, that encompasses all facets of life and Hindu philosophy. Highly revered as it is, it is not a holy book. However, the Gita which is part of the Mahabharata is the holy book for Hindus.	
If Krishna Arjuna and Hanuman decided to fight the Kauravas themselves could they defeat them	Hahahahahaha…………Again one of those imaginary scenario based question. Fine, i’ll humour you.I know kauravas were ‘adharmis’, but they were not that unlucky and unfortunate to die such a brutal death. I mean to add Shri Krishna and Shri Hanumanji in the equation against kauravas would be literally ‘overkill’.To assess the situation, let’s just quickly go through only major strength/achievements of both Krishna and Hanuman, as arjuna has already fought with kauravas in the kurukshetra war so we know about him.Bajrangbali’s strength feats include uprooting the whole mountain and carrying it over to lanka, wreaking absolute havoc in ashoka vatika and killing akshaykumar alongwith countless other asuras and even brought down mighty indrajeet on his knees, forcing him to use one of the most destructive weapon Bramhastra, burning down the city of lanka, crossing the ocean by flying, killing durmukh, narantak, and fighting one on one with ravana and ahiravana. Phew……. (I haven’t yet listed all his powers, some of which he never used in ramayana).Now Shri krishna’s feat includes killing mighty demons such as putana, vyomasura, aghasura, shatakasura, trinavrata etc when he was literally an infant child who could not even speak and walk, then fighting and taming mighty snake kaliya, lifting the govardhan mountain on his small fingertip, fighting wrestlers of kansa and killing him at the age of 14 years, defeating jarasandha 17 times in the war, fighting with jambavant a mighty bear from treta-yuga and defeating him etc. Please note i am only mentioning the feats of strength and power and haven’t included all of them leaving out other feats which include his strategy and intelligence.So you see how heavily over-powered this side would become if these 3 comes together. I will say that, take out both krishna and arjuna and leave alone hanuman to fight the kaurava army. He will literally destroy them. Why ?Think that how much casuality ghatotkach inflicted alone being a sorcerer, so much that duryodhana got desperate to kill him and hence ordered karna to use shakti weapon. Ghatotkach was fighting by increasing his size and trampling upon the soldiers like they are some insects. So just imagine what Bajrangbali can do. Add to it the fact that Shri Maruti is immune to each and every weapon untill he himself give in to it, so no matter whether karna launches bramhastra or dronacharya launches bramhashirastra or bhimsha launches pashupatastra or duryodhan launches his verbalastra, cryastra or egoastra….. Nothing gonna yield any result to them. And if your most potent weapons are rendered useless, how you are gonna win the war ? Strategy ? You said !!!!!!!!Hmmmmm…..last i checked, no-one in the kaurava camp is as cunning, master and intelligent as Shri Krishna, so nope no chances here as well.So i think i do not need to say anything more than this, because result is obivious.JSH.	यत्र योगेश्वरः कृष्णो यत्र पार्थो धनुर्धरः।तत्र श्रीर्विजयो भूतिर्ध्रुवा नीतिर्मतिर्मम।।18.78।।Wherever there is Kṛṣṇa, the master of all mystics, and wherever there is Arjuna, the supreme archer, there will also certainly be opulence, victory, extraordinary power, and morality. That is my opinion.Wherever Lord and his devotees like Arjun are together, there is no question of loss. There is only victory. The above is the last sloka of Bhagavad Gita which confirms this.	
What can we learn from the life of Son of Goddess Ganga Pitamaah Bhisma Devarath in Mahabharat	Don't rate king over kingdom. He was loyal to the king but not kingdom. Had he been loyal to Kingdom instead of King (Santhanu in first instance and Dritarastra later) he would not have taken vow relinquishing his right over the throne.Don't go against nature. One should marry and have children.It doesn't matter how strong you are, how loyale you are and how well do you keep your vows but it matters what do you do to uphold dharma.Upholding dharma should be the first priority. When you are strong enough to fight to uphold dharma, you should try to uphold. If you don't do so, GOD will uphold Dharma and your prowess are no longer cherished.	The things that I have learn are:Children should sacrifice their happiness for sake of their parent's happiness. Due to his sacrifice he got the boon of hia death by his will.Whatever the situation is but we should oppose if something is wrong happening to some one. He didn't help Draupadi when Dusashan was trying to undress her.Whatever the condition is we should always take side of Dharma. But he fought against it.A man who follow celibacy have very much power, skill and intellect than who doesn't followed celibacy. Arjun was not able to defeat him even he has all weapons of heaven's God's. Yudhisthira used to ask questions from him on religious topics even he himself was Dharma Raj.King is less important than motherland but still he supports Dhritrastra because of his vow.	
What is Karna Kunti	Karna Kunti is a play written by Rabindranath Tagore in Bengali. It is based on Karna's conversation with Kunti, when he relaizes he is her son. The chapter has a little significance in Mahabharata but important in folk works.	
What is Nar and Narayan with respect to Arjuna and Lord Krishna in their last births	At the end of Treta Yuga there was an asura named Dambhodbhava. He wanted to become immortal and so prayed to the Sun god, Surya. Pleased with his penance, Surya appeared before him. Dambhodbhava asked Surya to make him immortal. But Surya refused since anything, anyone who was born on this planet will have to die.Thus he asked for a boon of being protected by a thousand armors with following condition :1. The thousand armors can be broken only by someone who performs penance for a thousand years!2. Whoever breaks the armor should die immediately!Reluctantly lord Surya agreed & granted him the boon. He had this gut feeling that his boon will be misused.Immediately after getting the boon from Surya, Dambhodbhava started wrecking havoc on people. There was no way of defeating him. People started calling him Sahasrakavacha सहस्राकवच [one who has a thousand armours].In the meanwhile King Daksha [the father of Sati, the first wife of Shiva] got one of his daughters, Murti married to Dharma – one of the ‘Manas putras’ of Lord Brahma.Murti had also heard of Sahasrakavacha and wanted to put an end to his menace. So she prayed to Lord Vishnu to come and help the people. Lord Vishnu pleased with her appeared before her and said“I am pleased with your devotion! I will come and slay Sahasrakavacha! Because you have prayed to me, you would be the reason for slaying Sahasrakavacha!”.Murti gave birth to twins- Narayana and Nara. Narayana and Nara grew up in the ashrama surrounded by the forests. They were great devotees of Lord Shiva. The two brothers learnt the art of warfare & were inseparable.Sahasrakavacha started attacking the forest areas surrounding Badrinath, where both Narayana and Nara were staying. As Nara was meditating, Narayana went and challenged Sahasrakavacha for a fight.Sahasrakavacha faced the attack of Narayana and was astounded. He found that Narayana was powerful and had indeed got a lot of power from the penance of his brother. As the fight went on, Sahasrakavacha realized that the penance of Nara was giving Narayana strength. As Sahasrakavacha’s first armour broke he realized that Nara and Narayana were for all purposes one. They were just two persons having the same soul. But Sahasrakavacha was not too worried. He had lost one of his armours. He watched in glee as Narayana dropped dead, the minute one of his armours broke!By his years of penance and pleasing Lord Shiva, Nara had gained the Maha Mritunjaya mantra – a mantra which brought back dead to life. Thus he revived Narayana.Now Nara took the fighting with Sahasrakavacha while Narayana meditated! After thousand years, Nara broke another armor and dropped dead while Narayana came back and revived him. This went on until 999 armors were down. Sahasrakavacha realized that he could never beat the two brothers and ran away seeking refuge with Surya. When Nara approached Surya to give him up, Surya did not since he was protecting his devotee. Nara cursed Surya to be born as a human for this act and Surya accepted the curse for this devotee.To fulfil the promise to destroying Sahasrakavacha, Narayana and Nara were reborn – this time as Krishna and Arjuna.Meanwhile here on earth by using durvasa rishi's mantra , kunti recalled lord surya and to fulfill the effect of durvasa's mantra , he granted kunti a son.Due to the curse, Dambhodbhava with Surya’s ansh within him was born as Karna, the eldest son of Kunti! Karna was born with one of armours as a natural protection, the last one left of Sahasrakavacha.	We read in Mahabharata several times that Arjun and Sri Krishna were Nara any Narayana rishi in their previous birth and they done penance in Badrikashram. No more details is available in Mahabharata .There is detailed story of Nara and Narayana in Devi Bhagawat Puran.From the given links you can read it even you will get the answer of question mostly asked why Sri Krishna marry sixteen thousand princess.The Devi Bhagavatam IndexRead Book 4 Chapter 5 to 9.	It is not ‘Nar’, but ‘Nara’; it is also not ‘Narayan’ but, ‘NarAyaNa’.Since it is clarified as metaphoric, it is not the last birth of Arjuna and KrishNa, but the reality of representation of human and the Primordial Cause.The Primordial Cause is aware of all its manifestations, being of its own will, wjhile the human will not be aware of its earlier births which are in account of its accumulated fruits of its own selfish actions, arising out of its free will.	There is a fancy tale which is being spread out since many time on Quora. . . .that Nara & Narayana in previous birth had to fight with a demon named Dambhodbhava . . . .who later became Karna in DwaparYuga, and had one armor left. . while his rest 99 had been cut off by Nara & Narayana in TretaYuga.But in Vyasa Mahabharata, this fancy tale is not there. . .But it’s given that Nara & Narayana took birth in Satyuga. . which comes first in the cycle of Yugas. . . .Also, in the same Vyasa Mahabharata, it’s clearly mentioned that Nara & Narayana were mediating on themselves i.e. Self or we say, Soul. . which is the creator of Indra, Shiva, and other deities except Narayana who is Himself Soul . .But, in this fancy tale,it’s mentioned Nara & Narayana were mediating on Shiva !!Also, in this fancy tale, as described above,it’s mentioned that 99 armors had been cut off by both Nara & Narayana . .But in the Vyasa Mahabharata, it’s clearly mentioned that Karna’s armour can not be cut off . . .even by Narayana. . as said by Narayana to Nara . . . thatIndeed, if that bull among men had his armour and ear-rings, neither thyself, bending the Gandiva, nor myself, uplifting my discus, called Sudarsana, could vanquish him in battle.Also, in this fancy tale, it’s described that Lord Sun is some kind of a minor deity as he can’t give the boon of immortality. . . .Oh My God. . .Now, those Pundits who have read the Hinduism’s Primary Scriptures which comes after Vedas, &Top Primary Upanishads, i.e.Ramayana,Vishnu Purana,Srimad BhagwatamHarivanshmaIn these , no any demon, or being was given the boon of immortalityEveryone had to die. . .whether it’s . .RavanaKumabaKarnaHiraynaksyapuHiranayakshaetcSo, raising the question of the boon of immortality is itself senseless in this fancy tale where Lord Sun is described as some kind of a minor deity. . .Because the powerful demon like of Ravana, had to be died by a human being i.e by Narayana,who acted like a human being in His whole life instead of GodSo, the story of the previous births of Nara & Narayana in together with a demon named Dambhodbhava, is itself so contrasting with Hinduism’s primary scriptures . .Hence, it should be rejected . . .Instead believing on blindly since time. .thanks.	
After watching Mahabharat Draupadi Vastraharan should I believe that Kali Yuga in 2018 is much better for women than those times with so many strict laws for women	Though, your imagination is somewhere correct, but you are missing out the important point that what Duryodhan and Dushasan had done with Draupdi in an open court of Dhritrashtra, were killed in the Mahabharat war.In fact, the Mahabharat war happened due to Druapdi Vastraharan incident. So, I can not agree to this logic that present Kaliyug -2018 is better than that of Dwapar Yug?. Lord Sri Krishn himself arrived secretly there and save the modesty of Draupdi.What Duryodhan and his friends and brothers did were severely punished in Mahabharat war.But what is happening today near by your town and city is not as per yr imagination even. Rape of small girl and even 6 months baby is being raped by miscreants in whole India, but no stringent actions are being taken by the Govt. On contrary, most of the rapist are moving freely.Killing and Rape is now simple matter. No one has the passions and pity for anyone. if the simple your car or bike touches to other vehicle or car, road raze erupts and even so many innocent people are died of it. No one is ready to accept the facts and everyone is ready to violate the rules also.Some people even think to violate the rules are his own constitutional right. Myself seen such words written on Bikes and car also. Anyone who so have the wealth and sources of high position people, do not like to obey the rules. Some high position people commit crime and they are saved also by the Police and the court. Many people are the the accused of rape and killings even, yet there are no action on them against such killers and rapists.So many accused of rapist or killings are now the leader and ruling the Govt. in some states also. Might is right is the logic of Kaliyug. No court ever made any words on them.Have you thought such words and action in Dwapar Yug? Never. So, no any genuine people will be agreed with you that the Kaliyug 2018 is better period.Hence, there is no strict laws, or no court or Govt. is better anyway than of Dwapar Yug.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram, Hare Krishn	This totally depends on one’s personal view. Yes it’s true as per Mahabharata written by Rishi Vedvyas that during Dwapar Yuga, Draupadi Vastraharan happened. But I don’t think the conditions were worse than today ie Kalyuga. Reason beingAll the people who had done that act to disrepute Draupadi were killed in Mahabharata while these days many Rapists are living their lives peacefully bcoz law enforcement agencies are useless in India.If no one else but Krishna took step and kept her modesty intact, today no one comes to help a woman.Yes what happened was bad but at least she was a major in age and was able to fight or ask for help, while today people are raping months old girls who can’t even speak.At that time everyone in that assembly was held guilty for that crime even her husbands ( morally bcoz they put her on bet), while today we raise questions on the character and dressing sense of women.So it is clear that today even when we have strict laws, we aren’t living in better time for women. Reason being we are living in a society where morals and respect are just words and not traits on men.	No, not at all. In Dwapar Yug, the stripping of Draupadi led to the world war. Majority of kings thought that the insult to Draupadi was not proper. However, Duryodhana due to some maligned practices got army of Shalya and Balarama on his side. Else Pandavas would have got larger army than Kauravas. Though it is not a point about the theme of the question, it has been mentioned that majority rulers did not like the insult done to Draupadi.Can you think of a world war that comes out due to insult of a woman in Kaliyug? Not possible. Rulers try to punish the individual with the laws in place.So laws in place are not an yardstick for better system or better period. Laws are not at all necessary, but people took Dharma as a yardstick in previous Yugs for betterment of women and a few elite maligned ones took that as a pretense and insulted Draupadi.Today despite lot of laws the powers to be are maligning women and escaping law. So no comparison could be done.One cannot bring world war for the cause of assaulting a woman sexually in Kaliyug. That one reason is enough that the conditions are better for women in Dwapar yug than the present.	There were no strict laws for women in Indian society till the invasion of you know who!I am not saying today’s time is not safer but you gotta see people, irrespective of the era possessed the same nature. There cannot be a good without an evil.So, Draupadi Vastrharan was not a personal issue but a social issue and that is why war was fought to eliminate such evil powers.	Yes!This incident confirmed that only war can end culprits. After this incident just in few next generations Dwapar ended. So, we can take that this incident was at most heights of heinous act in the dwapara yug. Then ended all, leaving behind only a grandson who got crowned latter to be empire.At begin it was clean and by end again got cleansed and has ended Dwapar.	Your problem is that you are trying to get a real understanding about the shastra from TV serials or movies, or from your grandfather’s ramblings. What strict laws for women were there in the times of Mahabharata? Nonsense.	
Why did Chaitanya Mahaprabhu say that love for Krishna is the ultimate goal Sri RamaKrishna Paramahansa has said that any form of God creates divisions and limits sadhaka from attaining oneness Ramana Maharshi was	Let’s know who was what, first, so that we form a correct conception about what each of them said or taught.Sri Chaitanya (he was called Prabhu/lord by his disciples) was a follower of the path of devotion. As such he is far away from convictions of Jnanis. To him there are two-the bhakta /devotee and the deity/god/Bhagwan. He was a dualist. His god has forms. His God could be propitiated for personal desires.But, Sri Ramakrishna was a jnani/bhakta/yogi/Tantric/ sadhak/master/ teacher /guide and what not, par excellence. He knew both non-dual and dual paths to god. As a non-dualist he had training from Totapuri. He was trained by Bhairavi Brahmani in tantra. He had self-knowledge and enlightenment of highest order. His God was formless Brahman/Kali as Supreme Mother. He couldn’t accept dualistic ideas. He was a jnani himself of Sat-Chit-Anandam Brahman. His teachings were individualized. He taught according to the mental conditioning of each of his disciples. He taught the pure knowledge to his select few including Sri Swami Vivekananda.Maharshi Ramana was the greatest Buddha after Gautama Buddha. He is the acme of upanishadic wisdom. He was himself God. He belongs to the path of Adi Sankaracharya. He was a non-dualist himself although he encourages many to follow dualistic path. He taught his disciples the Jnana Marga mostly through his ‘Who am I’ formula. His wisdom was as great as that of Buddha / Mahavira. Maharshi was a Shiv Avatara.Sri Ramakrishna and Ramana were jnanis themselves. To them the whole existence is God and no person as God. To Chaitanya, Lord Krishna as a personified deity was God.	Please buy the book “Bhagavad Gita As It Is” by His Divine Grace A.C Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada…and study it… You will find all answers there to satisfy your intellect…Dont expect “ordinary” people from quora to answer such questions… What you have asked is not an easy question to answer… You have no idea if the other person is telling the truth or not… Ask yourself why anyone would spend even an hour for you to research answer to a highly intellectual question ?The author of the book I shared… spent his entire lifetime serving Lord Krishna… He made millions of Krishna devotees… Learning from him will help you… not from the internet junkies looking for “upvotes” and likes on quora…	Have you ever been to Dakshineshwar temple?I suggest you make a trip. If RaamaKrishna Paramahansa was against murti puja, he would never have prayed to Kali at the temple.Messages of masters is always misunderstood and some lame interpretation surfaces.The form is only for focus, the ultimate goal is to move beyond it. It doesn't mean that murti puja is useless. How to move beyond it, is the knowledge that needs to be procured from the right sources and that is what the messages imply.	Neither Ramakrishna nor Ramana Maharishi said that.Both were great devotees of god. Ramakrishna worshiped Kali and Ramana Maharishi Arunachala.Supreme love and Supreme knowledge are one and the same.The same goal is reached by both the lover and the philosopher.RK used the example of Chaitanya to explain this."While conscious of the outer world, Chaitanya sang the name of God; while in the state of partial consciousness, he danced with the devotees; and while in the inmost state of consciousness, he remained absorbed in samadhi."With the Devotees at Dakshineshwar (II)Swami Vivekananda also explained thisThere is not really so much difference between knowledge (Jnana) and love (Bhakti) as people sometimes imagine. We shall see, as we go on, that in the end they converge and meet at the same point. So also is it with Râja-Yoga, which when pursued as a means to attain liberation, and not (as unfortunately it frequently becomes in the hands of charlatans and mystery-mongers) as an instrument to hoodwink the unwary, leads us also to the same goal.The one great advantage of Bhakti is that it is the easiest and the most natural way to reach the great divine end in view; its great disadvantage is that in its lower forms it oftentimes degenerates into hideous fanaticism. The fanatical crew in Hinduism, or Mohammedanism, or Christianity, have always been almost exclusively recruited from these worshippers on the lower planes of Bhakti. That singleness of attachment (Nishthâ) to a loved object, without which no genuine love can grow, is very often also the cause of the denunciation of everything else. All the weak and undeveloped minds in every religion or country have only one way of loving their own ideal, i.e. by hating every other ideal. Herein is the explanation of why the same man who is so lovingly attached to his own ideal of God, so devoted to his own ideal of religion, becomes a howling fanatic as soon as he sees or hears anything of any other ideal. This kind of love is somewhat like the canine instinct of guarding the master's property from intrusion; only, the instinct of the dog is better than the reason of man, for the dog never mistakes its master for an enemy in whatever dress he may come before it. Again, the fanatic loses all power of judgment. Personal considerations are in his case of such absorbing interest that to him it is no question at all what a man says — whether it is right or wrong; but the one thing he is always particularly careful to know is who says it. The same man who is kind, good, honest, and loving to people of his own opinion, will not hesitate to do the vilest deeds when they are directed against persons beyond the pale of his own religious brotherhood.But this danger exists only in that stage of Bhakti which is called the preparatory (Gauni). When Bhakti has become ripe and has passed into that form which is called the supreme (Parâ), no more is there any fear of these hideous manifestations of fanaticism; that soul which is overpowered by this higher form of Bhakti is too near the God of Love to become an instrument for the diffusion of hatred.It is not given to all of us to be harmonious in the building up of our characters in this life: yet we know that that character is of the noblest type in which all these three — knowledge and love and Yoga — are harmoniously fused. Three things are necessary for a bird to fly — the two wings and the tail as a rudder for steering. Jnana (Knowledge) is the one wing, Bhakti (Love) is the other, and Yoga is the tail that keeps up the balance. For those who cannot pursue all these three forms of worship together in harmony and take up, therefore, Bhakti alone as their way, it is necessary always to remember that forms and ceremonials, though absolutely necessary for the progressive soul, have no other value than taking us on to that state in which we feel the most intense love to God.There is a little difference in opinion between the teachers of knowledge and those of love, though both admit the power of Bhakti. The Jnanis hold Bhakti to be an instrument of liberation, the Bhaktas look upon it both as the instrument and the thing to be attained. To my mind this is a distinction without much difference. In fact, Bhakti, when used as an instrument, really means a lower form of worship, and the higher form becomes inseparable from the lower form of realisation at a later stage. Each seems to lay a great stress upon his own peculiar method of worship, forgetting that with perfect love true knowledge is bound to come even unsought, and that from perfect knowledge true love is inseparable.Definition of Bhakti	Form is a path, not the destination. Ultimate purpose of belief is to understand the Truth or Supreme knowledge.The supreme knowledge is to understand and accept that the self and the Self are one and the same.Ramana Maharishi and Socrates said the same as if “know yourself”.“thannai ariyamal thane kedukindran,thannai ariya thannakoru keddillai,thannai arium arrival arinthapin,thannaye archikka thanirunthane. — ThirumanthiramMeaning is thatthannai ariyamal thane kedukindran — he is suffering because he do not know who is hethannai ariya thannakoru keddillai — if he can know himself then there will be no sufferingsthannai arium arrival arinthapin — after knowing myself through the right sourcethannaye archikka thanirunthane — after knowing myself, I worship myself (because I have understood that I and the God are one and the same).That's after knowing the Truth or the supreme knowledge by experience as if the God and I are one and the same through right source, I worship myself.Thanks for reading	I think that can be only answered by Chaitanya mahaprabhu.But what more is said by Ramana Maharshi is intellectual discussion is which anchors mind and makes it strong. Rather it keeps you curious and indulged into intellectual discussion.All that you read and understand about real nature of SELF is no where close to what it is. But the more you try to understand the more you feel good and are anchored in the mind, see around.In the above question we are exactly doing what is not to be done.	
How helpful will it be to read the Mahabharata and the Bhagavad Gita	I'll tell you my personal experience of reading the Mahabharata (Bhagavad Gita is a subset of the Mahabharata. So henceforth, I'll not be mentioning it as a separate entity.)First and foremost, you have to pick up some unabridged version of the Mahabharata. The best is the BORI which has after an intensive research weeded out all the later additions to the Original Jaya. I'm still in the process of reading the BORI.I had discovered a site Internet Sacred Text Archive Home in the year 2006 and thus started my discovery of the Mahabharata. I have read the KMG Mahabharata thrice and am on to my fourth time comparing the KMG to the BORI. Also I am a Madhva Brahmin. So I have the additional advantage of having the Mahabharata Tatparya Nirnaya, the most authoritative interpretation to the Mahabharata ever authored by Sri Madhvacharya. Hence when you harmonise these texts, you will realize that it is a sheer delight and will start to see the correlation amongst these texts.Reading it has changed my life for the better. It really is an inexplicable feeling. It has given me a deeper understanding of the whole Sanatana Dharma and thus a deeper understanding of the manifestation of God. It has deepened my spirituality and has given me utmost peace.I would therefore recommend you to pick up the KMG or BORI and start off! It is really worth it.Peace!	Bhagavad Gita is a Science of Living. Note the wording, it is not ART but, SCIENCE. Science means, it is explained with logic and reasoning. Aim or Goal of anyone’s life is to live happily forever. This science of living explains the way to be live happily and be happy forever. Why other sciences like physics, chemistry, biology etc are to be studied? For the same reason, this science should be studied. One who wants to live happily and forever, should read, understand and practice Gita. Mere reading or chanting is like just reading physics without understanding.Mahabharatha can be studied like a story book for time pass. This is one way of reading. But, the real use is to study the characters, their attitudes, how they behave in different situations etc. Any personality we come across in our day to day life can be related to some character or the other of Mahabharatha. Any situation we come across in our life also can be related to some situation in Mahabharatha. So, we can make our life better and better by such in depth and analytical study of Mahabharatha.	
What were the lessons given to Arjun by Lord Krishna in the battlefield	Dear try to read bgagavdgita, and understand it, this is not the platform forwriting 300 pages.	
Why did Radha marry Abhimanyu When did she love Krishna	Radharani had to marry cowherd Abhimanyu because of a curse given to her by his brother Sridhama.Once, Sridhama was mingling with Radharani’s friend Vrinda famous as Tulsi devi. Of which Radharani had some misunderstanding & she cursed them both to take birth as Asura on earth. Sridhama also instantly reverted back by cursing Radha that she will get separated with Krishna & will get married to someone else.Thereafter, they both embraced each other & started lamenting. To control the situation there reached Krishna & consoled Radha that to keep words if his brother she would marry Krishna’s shadow who was known as cowherd Abhimanyu son of Jatila. It is said that cowherd Abhimanyu never left shadow while he walked.Thereafter, Sridhama reincarnated as Asura Jalandhar & Vrinda as his wife Tulsi. Krishna arranged killing of Jalandhar so they both could return to Goloka again.There’s no Personality as Radharani’s husband in spiritual Goloka but here she had. Exalted devotees who understand various moods of love explain’s Krishna arranged such pastimes to give highest bliss to Radha of ‘Lover's ecstatic while in separation’ (Viprlambha bhava). When the lover and the beloved meet, they are called yukta (connected). Previous to their meeting, they are called ayukta (not connected). Whether connected or not connected, the ecstatic emotion arising due to not being able to get close to each other as desired is called vipralambha. This vipralambha helps nourish emotions at the time of meeting.The separation of Lord Rāmacandra from Sītā is also spiritually understood as vipralambha.Thanks.	
Why have some Arjuna fans made Draupadi an ordinary woman by saying that she was made only for Arjuna	Draupadi ji is not an ordinary women, she is perhaps goddess Parvathi avatar, very strong and powerful without her Mahabharatham is impossible, bcoz of her oath to demolish Kauravas is one of the main reason for Mahabharatham to happen. Arjun and other padavas are just the pawns in the chess. It might sound sour but my friend it's true and that's the path which leads you and everyone towards actual reason behind the great war.She was born out of fire and her only reason to incarnate was to eradicate evil being from this universe.A classic example to show case, what happens when a women's is dragged into public humiliation.Her revenge attitude could be the pralayam.But still it's believed as myth and same things are being repeated in this Kali Yug. OMG.Sarvam Krishna Arpanam.	
What were Bheema’s exact words when he took the oath after Draupadis humiliation in a dice game	It is right there in Sabha Parva (Book of Assembly), and for what it's worth, this part of Mahabharata deserves multiple and careful readings to understand the motivations and temperament of the major characters as well as the events which marked the Kauravas and the Kuru elders for extermination.After defeating and enslaving the Pandavas in a rigged game of dice, Dushashana — exhorted by Duryodhana and Karna — tries to disrobe Draupadi in the royal Assembly Hall. She pleads before the king Dhritarashtra and the Kuru elders to intervene, but in vain. Thereafter, she prays to Krishna (Hari/Vishnu) to come to her aid, and to the surprise of all, Draupadi’s garments become endless.Enraged, Bhima vows to kill Dushashana on the battle field and drink his blood to avenge Draupadi — though he was still Duryodhana’s slave at that point of time.ततो हलहलाशब्दस्तत्रासीद्घोरनिस्वनः |
तदद्भुततमं लोके वीक्ष्य सर्वमहीक्षिताम् ||४२||

शशाप तत्र भीमस्तु राजमध्ये महास्वनः |
क्रोधाद्विस्फुरमाणोष्ठो विनिष्पिष्य करे करम् ||४३||

इदं मे वाक्यमादद्ध्वं क्षत्रिया लोकवासिनः |
नोक्तपूर्वं नरैरन्यैर्न चान्यो यद्वदिष्यति ||४४||

यद्येतदेवमुक्त्वा तु न कुर्यां पृथिवीश्वराः |
पितामहानां सर्वेषां नाहं गतिमवाप्नुयाम् ||४५||

अस्य पापस्य दुर्जातेर्भारतापसदस्य च |
न पिबेयं बलाद्वक्षो भित्त्वा चेद्रुधिरं युधि ||४६||
(Bhima, clenching his fists, with lips quivering in rage, swore in the midst of all those kings a terrible oath in a loud voice.And Bhima said:“Hear these words of mine, ye Kshatriyas of the world. Words such as these were never before uttered by other men, nor will anybody in the future ever utter them. Ye lords of earth, if having spoken these words I do not accomplish them hereafter, let me not obtain the region of my deceased ancestors. Tearing open in battle, by sheer force, the breast of this wretch, this wicked-minded scoundrel of the Bharata race, if I do not drink his life-blood, let me not ascend to the abode of my esteemed ancestors.")	
If you were Draupadi what would you do differently	1: To learn the Vedas well, in order to know if it is okay to marry five men, and if they propose to me, to reject such thing.2 - Just being with Bhima because he fulfilled his vows well like killing Dussasana for dragging Draupadi by the hair or killing Keechak brutally because the latter harassed Draupadi sexually.3- Inform about the sexual harassment of Keechak to many people of Matsya, in order to kill him ruthlessly or dismiss him from his status as commander of the Matsya army.	Break Yudhishthira’s nose when he, in all his sagacious glory, decided to ‘share’ the new bride, probably, and tell him he can’t have what he didn’t work for. It might’ve scandalized the entire family and me as Draupadi would have been termed ‘mad’ and probably have remained unmarried for the rest of my life, but it would’ve been worth it.	
How can it be justified by Yudhishthira that he bet with his brothers and Draupadi in a dice game	You are right, but no sensible person justify the playing dice game by Yudhishter with Duryodhban? In fact, what Yudhishter did was totally wrong and due to that game, all pandavas had to suffer a lot. Mahabharat also teaches us that one should be addict to playing dice game.Yudhishter was the Dharmraj and yet he played the game, wrongly without even informing his wife Draupadi. He had no right to bet his entire kingdom, wife Draupadi and brothers also. But what he did was the totally ill-religion and due to his such game, he was defeated in the game. Though, it was the pre-planned game of Duryodhan and his Mama Shakuni, but a people or King who is religious can never be involved in such trick dice game.Due to the defeat of Yudhishter /Dharmraj, Druapdi was pulled out to open court by Dushashan and as per the instruction of Duryodhan, he tried to pull out Saadi of Draupdi. Dhirtrashtra was on the throne of Hastinapur and his court was packed of Bhishma, Drona, Kripacharya, and all important Personalities.But no such personality came in favor of Draupdi. Her modesty was in danger and when she knew that no one would be able to come to rescue her from Dushashan, she being the Bhakta of Lord sri Krishn, she prayed to Lord. Bhagwaan came immediately there secretly and rescued her.After, having completed the game, Pandavas were asked to go to exile for 12 yrs and one yr secret hidden exile.So- no one can justify Dharmraj Yudhishter and what he did was Adharm and due to that all Panvadvas had to go to exile and suffered a lot. Even, Lord Sri Krishn said such word for Yudhister too. Even after exile, Duryodhan denied to hand over 5 villages to Pandavs. When no option left, the war was fixed imminent for the right and in this task, Sri krishn helped his bhakta.No one should be involved in such gambling is the main teachings of Mahabharat.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	It cannot be justified. The story is a reflection of the times and culture, social norms and extreme hierarchical family structure. The story gives a distorted view of right and wrong and has many fallings, it should be read with extreme caution, and followed with even greater caution.	There is no question of justifying Yudhishtira’s actions, at least morally. But you can explain them. Most women especially find Yudhishtira disgusting because of this(I had a particularly fascinating argument on the subject recently). Yudhishtira was what you might call a “problem gambler” or gambling addict. He loved playing high stakes. This is a fact every version agrees on. Now, there are two reasons people state to explain why he made the bet he did. One is the simplistic version where, in the heat of the moment, Yudhishtira, so deeply engrossed in gambling, made these stupid bets as he wasn’t in his right mind. But this doesn’t take into consideration the times the Pandavas were living and the rules and general mentality of the society at the time. Yudhishtira was very much a product of his time. He was a strict adherent to what he called “Dharma”. The rules of his own time forbade him from refusing official requests, however unreasonable they might be. This was how in Ramayana, Rama was duty-bound to obey his father when he was asked to give up his position as crown prince of Ayodhya and go into exile for 14 years. If Shakuni asked him to gamble his kingdom, his brothers, and his wife, he couldn’t refuse as it was “Adharma” to do so. Besides a possible declaration of war from Duryodhana, he also had to worry about a loss of “face”. If Indraprastha became a pariah kingdom due to his refusal, its subjects will be treated as subhuman. So he was duty-bound to accept these stakes. On the other hand, Duryodhana committed “Adharma” when he showed his thighs to Draupadi in public and commanded Duhshasana to disrobe her, completely unprovoked. That’s what puts Yudhishtira in the right as opposed to Duryodhana.	It is not justifiable & that's the whole point of this incident! The moral is clear i.e. if someone as perfect as Yudhishthir can loose his judgement due to intoxication, then better remain away from such habits.Mind you, Yudhishthir was so perfect in ethical behavior that he was hailed as Dharma-Raj (King of Dharma). But still, due to the effect of intoxication, he took rash decisions & later paid heavily. Hence, it is a scriptural warning that one should save himself/herself from the ill-effects of intoxication.Of course, someone can come and claim that he/she doesn't gets affected by the use of alcohol. They might even give the idea of “my life, my rules” or may allege that I am moral policing others. But then, I have a small request to all those people. Kindly ask all the scientists and doctors to stop their research about the ill-effects of alcohol because some people cannot face the reality!For more on alcohol and its effects, visit: National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA)	Whatever justification for betting Draupadi be, it was wrong. It was wrong in every angle, but it was in the spur of the moment because Duryodhana bet his wife on the game and when Yudhishtir denied to do the same, Duryodhana said that Since you are not proud of Draupadi as she been shared by your siblings. This comment from Duryodhan provoked Yudhishtir as he was enough proud of Draupadi and so he too bet Draupadi in that foolish dice game.I am not justifying Yudhisthira’s this wrong move, just representing the scenario that made even DharamRaj Yudhirshitra go against DHARMA	
Who was Bhurishava in the Mahabharata	In Kurukshetra war, Bhurisrava fought with Satyaki and Satyaki was almost at the edge of defeat. Arjun found him and shot an arrow at Bhurisrava and cut his hand. Immediately Satyaki killed Bhurisrava. Sanjaya narrated the story behind this incident to Dhrutarashtra. Once upon a time Krishna’s father Vasudev went to swayamvar of Devaki daughter of Devaka. In Yadava dynasty, there was person by name Sini who was relative to Vasudev. Sini kidnapped Devaki and performed her marriage with Vasudev (Krishna’s father). But Somadatta son of Bahlika fought with Sini and was defeated in the hands of Sini. Sini showed some mercy on him without killing. Somadatta could not tolerate this and performed penance about Shiva only with a view to defeat of kill Sini in the war. By the time he completed his penance, Sini died naturally and Sini’s son was also no more. But Sini’s grandson Satyaki was alive. Somadatta asked Shiva a boon to grace him with a son who could annoy Satyaki. So he was blessed with a son Bhurisrava. Due to the boon of Lord Shiva, Satyaki was almost dead in the hands of Bhurisrava. But it was the grace of Krishna protected Satyaki. Krishna summoned his own chariot and gave it to Satyaki that day to continue his fight. (Source : Drona Parva).	
Can a person of this century lift the Vijaya bow used by Karna of Mahabharata	The Vijaya bow created by vishwakarma was powered with sacred mantras and chants, which were again used to beckon divine weapons. The question as to who could lift in this century as the art of using such weapon is not just strength but also by way of skillsets in archery and the usage of sacred chants. A combination of the above would hardly be found in this century	
Which places did Sri Krishna travelled around the Indian subcontinent during the time of Mahabharata	The one place I know is now called ThiruNarayanapuram which is in Karnataka .Sri Krishna and Sri balarama did aaradhana of the deity which is moolavar means main deity. Utsava deity was established later by Sri ramanujacharyaThe deity was worshipped by Rama also so it is called as Rama Priya and then the deity got another name Selva Pillai ,Sampath Kumar.The mahalakshmi deity here is Yadugiri nachiyar .As Krishna and balarama did aaradhana here the place is also called as Yadavadri.Jay Sriman Narayana	
Why did Lord Krishna appear as Narayana in front of Devaki	Because that is his original form as Sriman Narayana, he made his two hands disappear as it was requested by vasudev and devaki.After kamsa vadh Krishna was back to his four handed form because his parents had requested Krishna to behave as a normal kid.In bhagavad Gita also Krishna shows his vishwaroopam and then Arjuna requests Krishna to be back to his 4 handed form , and then out of mercy on Arjuna he is again back to his 2 handed form.Jay Sriman Narayana	
Why is Arjuna the only one with many names in the Mahabharata epic	You are partially right. Because many other characters too had multiple names but not as many as arjuna. The only other person to have more names than arjuna in the mahabharata is Shri Krishna.Ex :Arjun = partha, dhananjay, vibhatsu, savyasachi, kiriti, jishnu, krishna, gudakesha.Duryodhana = suyodhanaKarna = radheyaDraupadi = panchali, yagyaseni, krishneyBhima = vrikodaraBhishma = gangaputra, devvrataKrishna = giridhar, gopal, vasudev, madhav, govind, rishikesh and literally 1000 other names.So you see my friends every character has multiple names in the mahabharata and not just arjuna. Now big question is why ?Simple reasons. It was fashion in those days and they didn’t have headache of changing names on documents like aadhar card, voter id and driving license. Haha…… just kidding.Actually the names were not randomly given to anyone but all those names represented either the quality or the achievement of that particular person. For ex arjuna was said to have conquered sleep, an achievement, therefore he was given the title ‘Gudakesha’, also he was ambi-dextrous means he was able to shoot arrows with both hands, a quality, so he was given another title ‘savyasachi’. Similarly because Shri Krishna lifted govardhana mountain on his little finger, an achievement, he was given the title of ‘Giridhar’, and as he was a cow-herd, a quality, he was given the name ‘Gopal’.So to answer your question, Arjuna had more achievements and qualities than others except Shri Krishna, so he has many names.JSH.	
Hanuman himself could not take part directly in the Kurukshetra war because it was in another Yuga How could Parashurama besides being a person of the Treta Yuga teach archery to Bhisma Drona or Karna	It is not the case that Hanuman couldn't participate in that war because he was from different Yug. The war was Pandavas redemption from their loss in the gamble. Krishna could have fought it himself but he did not do so because he wanted to give Pandavas a chance to redeem themselves. A chance for Draupadi to live with honour.Second part, Hanuman was asked by Krishna to be on the flag of Arjun's chariot. It was because of Hanuman's protection, Arjun's chariot was not blown into pieces when Karna attacked him. Otherwise Karna would have killed Arjun way back in the war. So indirectly, he was part of the war, not directly.Cheers	
Where did the demoness wife of Bheema get when the Pandavas get back to the palace	Hidimba did not accompany Bhima when Pandavas left the forest after Ghatotkacha’s birth .Bheema’s conditional approvalBheema told Hidimba before accepting her wish thus..ExcerptVaisampayana continued, 'Then Bhima, expressing his assent to all that Yudhishthira said, addressed Hidimva, saying, 'Listen to me, O Rakshasa woman! Truly do I make this engagement with thee that I will stay with thee, O thou of slender waist, until thou obtainest a son.' Then Hidimva, saying, 'So be it,' took Bhima upon her body and sped through the sides”Acvordingly Bheema will stay with Hidimba till she gets a son.Hidimba agreed and took Bhima with her.After Ghatotkacha’s birthAfterwards Hidimba gave birth to Ghatotkacha who instantly grew up as soon as he was born.संवाससमयो जीर्ण इत्यभाषत तं ततः |हिडिम्बा समयं कृत्वा स्वां गतिं प्रत्यपद्यत ||३६||कृत्यकाल उपस्थास्ये पितृनिति घटोत्कचः |आमन्त्र्य राक्षसश्रेष्ठः प्रतस्थे चोत्तरां दिशम् ||३७||Then Hidimva, knowing that the period of her stay (with her husband) had come to an end, saluted the Pandavas and making a new appointment with them went away whithersoever she liked.And Ghatotkacha also--that foremost of Rakshasas--promising unto his father that he would come when wanted on business, saluted them and went away northward.True to her word,Hidimba left Bhima after Ghatotkacha’s birth. The Epic did not provide information about her in later parvas.Arjuna’s wives Ulupi and Chitrangada stayed with Arjun in Hastinapur after Ashwamedha sacrifice but Hidimba did not seem to be there at any time ..Ghatotkacha met Pandavas in Vana Parva and fought for them in Kurukshetra war. He died after fighting a heroic battle with Karna.SourcesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Adi Parva ch 143Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parva CLVII	
If Bheem would have practiced mace fighting thoroughly as Arjuna did with archery could he also become an Athiratha	First of all Mahabharat is not clear about Athirathi and Maharathi and has used these terms loosely at many times for each other. Now, if that implies one who could handle many Maharathis at a time then for that you need to be best in archery otherwise no way you could handle multiple warriors showering arrows on you with celestial weapons. I don’t understand how mace will help in that field.The other part is if Bhima had practiced Mace fighting? Well, he was a great student of Balarama and he was the strongest of lot. However it is true that during exile he gave up practice and in final fight was not a match to ever practicing Duryodana in terms of skill. But that was because he had to shift focus to archery. Now, Bhima was a great archer too and was able to match and even beat karna at times. He defeated Duryodhana in archery duel.The other question is how good was Bhima in handling multiple warriors then he was good enough to destroy entire fleet of Kalinga and slay Banuman by climbing his elephant and tearing Banuman in two pieces with only a sword. He fought a day on foot and was destroying chariots and elephants with just a mace and then a sword.Bhima had achieved great feats with just bare hands and sometimes tackled best of best with just mace. He was a war machine. So, he was great with mace and very strong. yes, he needed more practice to match Duryodhana but that could happen with anyone out of game for a while.I think you should rephrase your question and ask if Bhima had practiced Archery more what would have been the result. Because Bhima was good with mace and in that era he delivered best what could be delivered with mace. But in the end to face multiple attacks you need Archery and knowledge of divine weapons which he lacked.Bhima was ineffective against Bhagdutt and his elephant while Arjuna easily blocked them. Arjuna was able to break in formation of Drona and counter eight Maharathis at a time.I think their job was more complementary and both knew their strength and weaknesses.Bhima did not need anymore practice of Mace as his strength was enough to compensate for any lack of it. Remember Bhima was there to fight a war not duels. It was only that Yudhisthir agreed to combat and gave chance to Duryodhana to pick his weapon otherwise may be Bhima had wrestled him and defeated him. other than that he was already creating carnage with his mace. But mace won’t help save him from Narayanstara, Brahmastra or other divien weapons.With mace in his hand he destroyed Garden of kuber protected by demons and yaksha just like a cakewalk.	Bhima was already an Athiratha. But i don’t think that the ranking even matters, more than ranking & accolades it is performance that matters the most.Bhima conquered 3 aukshounis on the 17th dayQuote:Three akshouhinis from the sons of Dhritarashtra united against him. However, Bhimasena, lion among men, angrily countered them.Source: Karna Parva Section 43They retreated from BhimQuote:On seeing that your army had retreated before Bhimasena, the powerful one made great efforts to rally it.Analysis: It's clearly stated that the army was running away from Bhima it has to be the three aukshounis army that just encountered/lost to him in the previous section/quote.Source: Karna Parva Section 44A man that can defeat 3 AUKSHOUNIS (218,700 x 3 = 656,100) in just a few minutes should easily be considered far above an Atirathi (one who can fight 60,000 people simultaneously).The source of the content in this answer is the Mahabharata of Vyasa that has been translated by the scholars of BORI CE.	Bheema sena is more stronger than any athiratha,During the battle Bheema will not fight but only his simhanada that is roaring like lion is enough created fear in the enemy camp and many elephants, horses soldiers started omitting blood and the animals started urinating and it was flowing like a river,Mahabharatha depicts out of 11 akshohini strength of Duryodhana’ sena in the battle field Bheemasena killed 6 akshohini sena and others less than BhemasenaBheemasena says by grace of sri krishna he can lift the entire universe and crush them with his strength and in turn krishna says yes ‘’ Bheema what you say is not fully correct because i know you have got thousand times more strength than what you have told and you have told only a part of your strength. Hence we can conclude the Bheema’s power he does not require any weapon he says his two broad shoulders are enough to squeeze the entire population and on can hear during his previous avathar as Hanuman in Ramayana he crushed 80 crore of rakshasas with his palm only and no weapon was used when he went to lanka to see Seetha deviHe is called Baldeva sunhu, that means he is the son of Maruth who is the embodiment of strength as a live example he is the person controlling all our breathing day in and day out without rest and we what happens to a person if breathing is stopped this is a live example for every body	Bhima was already an Athiratha. But i don’t think that the ranking even matters, more than ranking & accolades it is performance that matters the most.Bhima conquered 3 aukshounis on the 17th dayQuote:Three akshouhinis from the sons of Dhritarashtra united against him. However, Bhimasena, lion among men, angrily countered them.Source: Karna Parva Section 43They retreated from BhimQuote:On seeing that your army had retreated before Bhimasena, the powerful one made great efforts to rally it.Analysis: It's clearly stated that the army was running away from Bhima it has to be the three aukshounis army that just encountered/lost to him in the previous section/quote.Source: Karna Parva Section 44A man that can defeat 3 AUKSHOUNIS (218,700 x 3 = 656,100) in just a few minutes should easily be considered far above an Atirathi (one who can fight 60,000 people simultaneously).The source of the content in this answer is the Mahabharata of Vyasa that has been translated by the scholars of BORI CE.	The unknown fact is bheem is maharajah more than athiratha. Actually if you listen to Mahabharata story said by Pandits which written by Veda Vyasa then you will know how great was bheem. Bheem received curse from balaraama brother of srikrishna that in future bheem won't get fame even though bheem was equal to arjun.Dhuryodhan violated the rules of mace fighting and jumped in the air to kill bheem which was against the rules of mace fighting. Now bheem also violated the rule by breaking dhuryodans thighs with his mace.The two rules which are to be followed while mace fighting which are described in Mahabharata in this context are :The person should not jump into airAn individuals body beyond belly should not be injured.	1.Arjuna was MAHARATHI, But not AtiRathi. 2.Not only Bhima any body can become and achieve by CONCENTRATED QUALIFIED PRACTICE and LEARN any DIGNITY as EKALAVYA was DONE and ACHIEVED. As well as it is to be known that ABHIMANYU learned PADMAYUHA when he was as FERTILE in SUBHADRA’'s Stomach. Mitai	
Why is Arjuna the only person praised for being gudakesh and one with concentration does none other than him had those talents	No,only Arjuna had the talent .according to Mahabharata Arjuna and srikrishna are forms of lord Vishnu. Vishnu has divided his body into two.One form is Krishna and the other is Arjuna. Lord Shiva himself said that in war even Shiva cannot defeat Arjuna. One can know this only when you listen to Mahabharata completely from Pandits.	
If Hanuman ever decided to pick up a bow and shoot arrows then what type of warrior would he be like Because in Ramayan Hanuman only used his fists but never used any archery	Who told you guys hanuman doesn't used his archery skills……Hanuman was trained in all sorts of warfare by lord shiva himself during his childhood (after completing his education from surya dev).Hanuman never used his archery skills in Ramayan because there was no need to …..Hanuman didn't used all his powers in the battle .He remained back as the body guard of Lord Ram and only fought Lightly(Even his light fighting can kill thousands)……Hanuman was a warrior strong enough to finish the whole ramayana battle in one go....But he didn't, because everything must be according to Lord vishnu's plan(Even sriram says that hanuman could have finished the battle easily)……Hanuman used his archery skills during the aswamedha yagna performed by lord rama.Lord shiva was forced by a bhakth to be in his side in a fight against lord ram's army and hanuman(Because Bholenath gave him a boon to protect him during a battle)…….As a result there was a fight between Hanuman and the mighty shiva…lord shiva was not angry,he fought in a calm manner and told hanuman that it's a test for hanuman to prove his powers….In the battle shiva changed the warfare each and every time when hanuman became tired(Hanuman was no match for the mighty lord shiva)….So they used all sort of warfare one by one in the battle including archery….Though hanuman was failing in every warfare, he never gave up….Then lord ram himself intervened and prayed to lord shiva to stop the war….Lord shiva considers lord ram as his god and always meditate on him…..so he stopped the fight and showed to his devotee that there is no difference between him,hanuman and lord ram and proved to him that all are one and asked him who to fight as all 3 of them were shiva itself…….This is the event in which hanuman used archery	It's true mighty Hanuman only used his fists, nails and sharp teeth as well as trees and mountain tops to combat his enemies. But if for instance Hanuman was trained to be an archer he would never be captured by Meghnada as Hanuman would also have his celestial weapons. If Hanuman would be an archer,the war between Rama and Ravana would be shortened and in Ramayana it was said that the vanaras were also an expert in the use of missiles. So, maybe Hanuman and other mighty vanaras knew archery but preferred only these natural weapons. They were the epitome of braveness. Hanuman without bow and arrow was capable of killing 80,000 mighty kinkaras, burn the entire of golden Lanka,knock down Ravana as well as kill 6–7 mighty rakshasa chiefs so imagine if Hanuman had a bow and arrow what devastation he could cause in the battlefield.	Great one….Disciplined, Physically strong, Control over senses ( hence could not lose focus easily), very knowledgeable, quick witted ( ability to think fast and respond.. required when countering astras).He has most what an archer needs other. One good teacher and we might have had another good archer in the Ramayana	
What do you believe in Indian mythologies	Some stories are myths but many are facts. Evidences like Ram Sethu, Vedas, advanced astronomy calculations of various celestial events, etc. show that certain events did really happen. Over time, many additions were included. It is not easy however to remove chaff from the wheat, and so what I personally do are: (1) see if they make sense even remotely [Ex: Hanumanji flying over the ocean but Ram could not it ==> Perhaps Hanumanji was an offshoot of a flying dinosaur], (2) see if there are enough insights into how we should live [Ex: Bhagavat Gita], (3) see if there are interesting celestial/earth events described [Ex: After Ram Rajya, Seetha was “eaten” by the earth, descrbing perhaps a huge earthquake, etc.]. A few more rules I have but I cannot recollect them now.	You ask about “Mythologies” others mention “Stories”. I prefer to think of Ancient History which for some cultures begins and ends with a Great Flood.Atlantis, referred to by one of the Greek writers, there were others of the Greeks that did not like “writing” as they thought it made one lazy mentally. If it was worth knowing it was worth remembering.Within the Vedic culture one would hear from the Spiritual Master once and one would remember what was said there was no idle chatter. even today the Guru Whispers the Mantra in to the disciples ear, a mantra received in this manner is very powerful, more so than if one takes it from a book. Is this one of the Myths you speak of.That Lord Rama Has green skin and a Monkey servant, perhaps this is another, but this is from an age much older than Atlantis. In ages past people lived longer, much longer than we do today. Cultured civilisations did not necessarily mean TECHNOLOGICALLY superior.I accept the History of the Vedas as History, not myths or stories.Bhagavad Gita As it is :Bhaktivedanta Vedabase Online	All Indian mythologies based on the Purana are mythological. Only the Vedas form the basis of Hinduism. Even the concept of avatars came withThe popularity of the puranas and their claim that certain men or half humans( Narasimha , Varaha) were incarnations of Narayana .	
Which one is the first Ramayana Mahabharata	There are many facts to support this like Ramayana happened in the Treta Yuga which comes before the Dvapara Yuga(Mahabharata) and Rama(Ramayana) was the 7th avatar of Vishnu, while Krishna(Mahabharata) was the 8th avatar of Vishnu.	
I have seen Mahabharat characters in my dream and I happened to converse with them about Kurukshetra war What does it mean Am I becoming mad or something else	Hey there,Firstly you aren't becoming mad or something. Secondly, it's just your subconscious mind playing with you. You don't need to worry about it. It happens when you let the characters of the epic impact you in your life. Mahabharata is not just a story of the Hindu mythology but if studied with deep understanding it can help us a lot to ease our lives. So evaluate your conversation with the characters in Mahabharata and think as to where you need to work on in your real life!Hope this helps!	You are fighting your demons ! You know that the kurukshetra war was between good and evil and you have certain doubts where you are not sure if you are correct or not and what actions you have to take as you go in deep sleep you are asking your antaratma (soul) to show you the way and it always shows you the correct path	You are a voracious reader of Maha Bharath.	
Why do Rakshasas play such a small role in Mahabharat as compared to Ramayan	We have to understand couple of things very clearly and then we are able to understand facts. For e.g if fight happens between India and China what will be happen. Indian glorify their soldiers and China Glorify their soldiers. Now person from India writing Novel/Mythological story for this war, what will be happen. He will praise our people first and call our people as a Devas and Chinese people would be call as a Rakshas. If you using Rakshas does not mean that they have two horns and very weird face etc. It is just create a more fictions so that mythological story would be more interesting otherwise you would not read that story. Another case if person is from China writing this war in the story he will do just reverse as Indian writer. Chinese writer will give more importance to his own people rather indians. Indians would be treated more villain. and this apply to all countries in the world.Now coming to Kans(He was Mama of Krishna) and Krishna. Kans was a mama of Krishna how he can be Rakshas. If he is rakshas then how he would allow marriage to devki with some human, he would chosen some Rakshas family who would have some horns and weird face but that is not the case. Earlier in the India there was not a concept of the single india specially Mahabharat and Ramayana time. It was state wise and king used to rule that state as a country.for e.g Ramayna Ram was only king of Ayodha not even entire India hence its implies that india was divided many parts of state and each state has own king and prime ministers.Now coming to Why do Rakshasas play such a small role in Mahabharat, as compared to Ramayan?.Sine writer of the Mahabharat composed mythological story between two Real Brothers(Dhritarashtra and Pandav) and both were son of the Writer it self hence if he uses Rakshas to Dhritarashtra and his family and Pandvas for Devas it would have not justified and people will question writer it self how could possible. However Rakshas word used for other state other country of the King e.g Jarashand, Narkasur etc..	First is Satya Yuga. The Rakshasas fought with Satya (not me! ) being outside the Human race! But they cannot enter into the Human Race! So they outnumbered Humans!Ramayana is Treta Yuga. The Rakshasas went one step ahead and entered into Human Race fought with Satya as being a Human outside our families! So they are seen outside in large numbers!Mahabarat is Dwapur yuga! The Rakshasas entered into family itself that Practice Satya and fought with Satya coming inside the Family! Since they got inside our Families, that is why they were only seen in Small numbers outside!Finally the Kaliyuga! The Rakshas entered each and every human and now we got both Satya (again not me) and Rakshas inside us! Daily each and Every moment the Satya and Rakshas are fighting inside us a Mahabaratha war and Rakshas wins sometimes and sometimes the Satya (not me) inside me wins! Since the Rakshas not only entered our families but also entered into us, we cannot see Rakshas outside! That is why e cannot see Rakshas at all outside in Kaliyuga!Because in Kaliyuga we got Rakshas inside us and we are not able to see outside! Kill the Rakshas inside you and go back to Satya Yuga, by doing good Karma! That is called attaining Moksha!Again Swami Rajesh Satyananda answering on behalf of Satya (this is me only!) inside me! Even in quora, some people bring out the Rakshas inside us!	Rakshasa or Asura means demons - conventionally the negative energy pinnacles. Mind you: the God or Devata or Sura is viewed as positive and since the Asura is anti God we have conventionally termed them as negative.The known fact that positive, negative and neutral forces balance the world was an amazing principle which has been time and again established by the Vedas.So, there have been Asuras forever as there have been Suras. This will continue forever.Historically, Ramayana happened in an age which was the near end of Homo Sapiens species. The Homo Sapiens Sapiens - the wisest man; had already evolved. However, there were fewer more than many species that wandered over the Earth which threatened the advent of Homo Sapiens Sapiens. Thus they were termed Rakshasa. Over a period of time they diminished since their survival was becoming difficult in the evolving World.In the Mahabharata era, Hidimba/Ghatotkacha are the two most commonly known demons who were related to a Man Bheema. Since they shared physical bonding they must have been comparable to his size which was perhaps the fittest amongst the human race at the time. Ghatotkacha was a Mayavi Daitya - he could expand his body manifold. It could mean that Ghatotkacha did inhibit certain characteristics from his extra sized ancestors but also possessed those of normal humans.The Hindu Mythology is not Mythology - it's the real history indigestible to Western mindset. The right to free interpretation has given many the liberty to distort it. However deeper knowledge about the faith can reveal many secrets of the known and unknown world which the modern science could take several more ages to decipher.If Ramayan and Mahabharata are viewed more as actual history than just the written epics, perhaps the view would alter to a precise one.	
In the Mahabharata being Kripacharya is one of the Chiranjeevis that means there is no death Why didn t Duryodhana use Kripa against Arjuna that could have made Kauravas to win the war	Being a Chiranjeevi never mean that the man will be ever victorious. Long life and immortality is different invincibility is different...Victory depends on competence,valour and focus.Kripacharya was a maharathi Without Doubt. He was the preceptor for Kuru princes before Drona took over.Kripacharya fought with Arjuna in Virat war,then at Kurukshetra.but was defeated by him outright.Virat warArjuna , discharged three and ten arrows whetted on stone and resembling flames of fire.And with one of these he cut off the yoke of Kripacharya’s car, and with four pierced his four steeds,and with the sixth he severed the head of Kripacharya’s car-driver from his body.And with three he pierced, the triple bamboo-pole of Kripa's car and with two, its wheels.And with the twelfth arrow he cut off Kripa's flagstaff. And with the thirteenth he pierced Kripa in the breast.Then with his bow cut off, his car broken, his steeds slain, his car-driver killed, Kripa leapt down and taking up a mace quickly hurled it at ArjunaArjuna struck the mace with arrows.Kripa was dominated and overpowered... . Kripa’s soldiers taking Kripa with them , led him away from Dhananiaya,tataH kRRipamupAdAya virathaM te nararShabhAH |apAjahrurmahAvegAH kuntIputrAddhana~njayAt || 28||This was how Kripacharya was defeated by Arjuna.Kripacharya’s defeat on 14 th dayAfter Jayathratha’s death,Kripacharya attacked Arjuna. Not to forget Kripa was one among the protesters of Jayathratha Who was thrashed severely by Arjuna.Aswathama and Kripa together attacked Arjuna.Excerpt“Without desiring, however, to slay his preceptor (Kripa) as also the son of (his other preceptor) Drona, Dhananjaya, the son of Kunti, began to act like a preceptor in arms. Baffling with his own weapons those of both Aswatthaman and Kripa, he sped at them, without desiring to slay them, shafts that coursed mildly. Those shafts, however (though mildly), shot by Jaya struck the two with great force, and in consequence of their number, caused great pain to Kripa and his nephew. Then Saradwat's son, O king, thus afflicted with the arrows of Arjuna, lost all strength and swooned away on the terrace of his car.”Arjuna fought mildly not desiring to kill Kripa or Aswathama.Still Arjuna’s arrows caused pain making Kripa swoon on the terrace of his car.Later he was taken away from the battle field.To sum upKripacharya resisted Arjuna dutifully but could not over power him at any point of time. To his credit he always knew Arjun’s mettle.To think that being a chiranjivi Kripacharya can gain victory against Arjuna….not at all feasible.Chiranjivi he is but not invincible..before Arjuna. Same thing applies to Aswathama also.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Virata parva ch. 52Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Virata Parv Section LVIIDrona Parv Section CXLVI	Not only Krupacharya, Ashwatthama is also Chiranjeevi.Chiranjeevi means who has no death.But that doesnot mean, he can WIN. Ahwathamma fled away fighting Arjuna many times. Similarly, Krupacharya also ran away.Same is the case with Bheeshma. Bheeshma got itcha mruthyu vardhaan. But it is not same as HE CAN ALWAYS WIN.Arjun can defeat them and make them loose consciousness.	Think rationally. No man can be immortal. The Rishis of RgVeda never thought of such absurdity and sought 100 years life.Kripacharya's death is not narrated in Mahabharata. That's why, the myth was born that he was deathless. This later myth was then incorporated in the Mbh text.Another probability is political propaganda. The Kurus propagated such myth about their Guru to instill fear in opponent's mind.	Kripacharya was kulguru he will not kill anyone	
What can we learn from the life of Bhishma	Things to learn from Bhishma:Sacrifice something to your friends or relatives or your lovable persons. That sacrifice will give you more strength and love for you.Try to give value to your father's talk or desires because he gave birth and brought up you with so much love.Never cross dharma line in your life when though you are going to die.Show similar love towards all your grandchildren.Be brave and courage throughout your life.Never break your promises or vows even though when you are in so much of struggles in your life.Last but not least is always share your great knowledge and wisdom to your children and grandchildren.Read Unknown Facts About Bhishma Pitamah From Mahabharat here.	Bheeshma, was a legendary character of Mahabharat. He lived through 4 generations protecting his clan and family, but failed ultimately and died painfully in the hand of his own grandson. His life is full of lessons.Dedication to one's parents — fromhis s birth he didn't see his father as he was with his mother, the river goddess Ganga. When he was reunited with his father, he became fully dedicated to King Shantanu. He even took a bow of celibacy so that his old father can remarry his favorite woman. His dedication was flawless.He was true devotee of Lord Vishnu, he didn't have any desire for power, empire and money. He sacrificed his own claim over the throne of Hastinapur easily for the sake of his father's happiness.He had no wrong intention towards his step-brothers and step mother. He raised the little children of Shantanu as his own and was like a father to them. He had a lot of respect for his step mother Satyavati.He was like a shield for Hastinapur, the source of power as well as a true guardian of the kingdom and it's people.He was a true Kshatriya, as a true Kshatriya never breaks his bow at any cost no matter what happens. One should always keep his promise.He was a keeper of secret. He kept the secret of Karna being Kunti's first born all inside his heart from the beginning.His intention was never wrong, he supported the rightful pandavas mentally, though he was fighting against them in the battlefield.He was ready to sacrifice his life for the sake of establishment of Dharma. He himself told pandavas the way to kill him in the battlefield.He had an utmost respect for his Guru Parashuram, but still he disobeyed his order of marrying Amba and became ready to fight with him. He rather chose death over breaking the promise.On his deathbed, he passed his knowledge to the next generation king Yudhisthir.These were few positive things which should be learned from BhismaNow, negative parts…Though having the power, he was bound to his own bow of being a servant of the throne no matter who sits upon it. That's the reason, why he was unable to act properly against the ill intentions of Dhritarastra and his sons. He became a chained lion, a helpless warrior and a failed guardian.Keeping one's bow/promise is always appreciable, unless it causes harm to good people. He was focussed on his own personal duty, but didn't take care about his duty to the society. He was not ready to accept that. For this reason, he remained bound to his personal Dharma and ignored the general Dharma of a Kshatriya. This is why, he remained silent while Draupadi was being molested, he failed to give Hastinapur it's true king. He failed to save his clan from destruction just because of his ignorance towards the general Dharma.	There are lot many things to learn from each and every character of Mahabharat. Since the question pertains to Bheeshma, let us discuss about him. Born as a son of a king and rightful owner of a throne, sacrificed the throne for the benefit of his step brothers. In order to not come in their way pledged that he will never marry. This is the oath he has taken and stuck to it life long. In spite of circumstances and requests from the very same people, he never broke the vow. This shows how strong he is mentally. Also demonstrates that he has no lust for power. Again when opportunities were there, he proved it. Once he knew his step brothers are weak (comparatively), he stood behind them rock solid. This shows his affection towards his family. His mere presence kept the enemy at a distance. This proved his allegiance to the throne. This is as per his stand to protect and support the throne come what way. He tried his best to convince King Dritharashtra of not showing nepotism and this only states about his righteousness, Inorder to support dharma, he knew that he should not sacrifice himself and hence shared ways of defeating him with Arjuna. Even on his death bed he shared all his knowledge with Yudiishter.This is just a brief of Bheeshma where in we can see various qualities imbibed in him.	How absolute fanaticism can be harmful. Bhishma didn't think twice before sacrificing others for his Dynasty. He destroyed Amba's life, He sanctioned the rape of his sisters-in-law. He watched as a woman was assaulted in a Sabha. And all in the name of a dynasty and his oath. Bhishma clung to power at the cost of others. I do not find him heroic. Being invincible in war doesn't make you a hero. Bravery and strength must always be tempered with compassion.	Definitely discipline for life…Importance and understanding of knowledge and impact of its applicationHow to stand promises above all once vowed andKeeping indifferent of oneself in any case of worldly desiresAnd also not to give up your responsibilities.	Bheeshma - name suggests he's vowed. Vowed for life time to maintain celibacy and not getting married. Why? It's a sacrifice for his father's lust for a young female. So, first moral is to keep vow and is to spare life for parents.Actual name was Deva-vrata. Was a powerful student of PaarashuRaama and is equal to his master in all the arts. Third moral is to have learning abilities with open ear and eyes to absorb the teacher.Has fore sight of coming disaster and has remained his life although got boon to have willfully inviting death. Simulation technique can be another moral which is forth learning from DevaVratha.Has been first to identify Lord Krishna as God at Hastina other than Brindavan. Vision, he had not just for future but had agana chakra(third eye) opened. 5th moral to have perfect control of body such that third eye(super natural vision) is opened.Has kept mum at the insult of Drupadi as at this situation he can kill only one person but not Dhusta Chathustayam( 4 bad persons). 6th moral to have time sense to break bunch of sticks by sparing stick one by one to break. Here, it may look contradiction to actual anecdote of the epic but he was there on the side of righteousness hence had to wait for time.Had been the find of Lord Krishna and got a most powerful day of Uttarayana in his name. 7th to get a title first one has to become fond of the title giver. Better surrender or involve fully. Here Shrimad Bhagavath Geetha verse can be referred; manmana bhava Madh bhaktho madhyaaji ma'am namas kuru…..After 7 morals we learnt he's no more as his day has ended with a day to recall him on every year as Bheeshma Ekadasi.	
Who is Saurabh Umbare	I am CA Saurabh Umbare, a qualified Chartered Accountant with over 8.5 years of diversified experience in FMCG Industry; Consultancy & Advisory. I offer a broad spectrum of Professional Services in Mumbai, Maharashtra with a watchword of utter commitment.With more than 8.5 year experience in the field of Chartered Accountancy and over 5.5 yrs. as a qualified CA, I have worked with major national and global companies including Grasim Industries Ltd (Aditya Birla Group), Ernst & Young etc and have audited 8+ companies including- DB Corp Limited, Bennett Coleman & Company Ltd.(Times Group), Tata Sky Private Limited etc.Here are my Key career highlights:Work experience gained across geographies in Manufacturing setup and corporate officeAreas covered includes Budgeting & Planning, Financial analysis, Month end reporting and Lead Annual Audit,. IFFCO Group of Companies(UAE)Strong analytical skills enabled to head business contributing projects along with monthly closing of booksKey player in Implementation of Oracle ERPStringent on meeting timelines and recognized as an effective team playerWorking experience with Ernst &Young – Handled Audit, Management assignments and Taxation MattersA stand out point in my career is that I cleared all the CA exams in one attempt.I blog at Saurabh Umbare, I share finance news and updates.You can also follow my blog where I share my knowledge on Finance topics and the Indian economy as well: CA Saurabh Umbare	
How did Arjuna kill Karna	Nice question . On 17th day Arjuna killed Karn & his son Vrishasena too. And Karn’s son was killed in front of his eyes . Karn cud not save him cuz he cud not stop Invincible Arjuna . This question will clarify many things . I will unfold many layers & illusions today .First of all ,I want to clarify that Karn was not Unarmed.Karna was full of weapons .Mind it that karna was not bare handed . He had his Vijaya bow & Quiver full of arrows . He had mace , Javelin , Sword n all weapons present in his Chariot. The only Unarmed Maharathi who was killed in MB war was none other then Abhimanyu the great. Abhimanyu’s mace , sword , Bow , javelin & even his QUIVER was destroyed so that he becomes a weapon less warrior & completely Bare handed. So the first illusion is clear that Karn was killed by Arjuna when he was Armed .Please differentiate between such small terms . Cuz the killing of Abhimanyu & Karn will differentiate between the Armed & Unarmed situation . Why abhimanyu took Chariot’s Wheel in his both hands to defend himself ..? If u cud reply this one then i will get agreed that Karn was Unarmed & Bare handed. Karna cud choose to fight on ground just like Abhimanyu or like Bheema ( who fought with Kichak bare handed ) & cud fight like his rival Arjuna who fought on ground several times against Asuras , demons during 13 yrz exile . He fought against maharathi Jaydratha with out chariot during his exile when Jaydratha had kidnapped Draupdi . Now above lines clarified that it was Abhimanyu who was helpless & alone not Karn.Arjuna had promised before War that he won't Use Divine weapons & he dint used any such weapon to kill his enemies & Kuru sena. And he killed Karn with out using any Divine weapon . Karn’s chariot wheel got stuck in-to mud . Karn was very tired & badly wounded & blood was flowing like tributaries of river from his weakened & tired body. Karn cud ask for another chariot to Duryodhana & cud ask the help of Maharathi Shalya who had enormous physical strength & experience of wars . But he dint asked . He asked Arjuna & Lord Krishna to stop the war till he dint get his chariot’s wheel out of a pit . Arjuna stopped cuz he knew that he will slay no matter how many times he comes back against him . But lord Krishna did the same thing which Karn did during dice game at court . Krishna forced Arjuna to kill him . Just like the way Karn forced Duryodhana to disrobe Draupdi n called her slut . Krishna wanted to remind those every incidents ,ditches & plots to Karn which he performed. And thus Arjuna got convinced that why to leave Karn when he dint spared his wife Draupdi & his son Abhimanyu.Now coming to the Pledge of Arjuna & how Karn got killed . Wat pledge Arjuna took..? Arjuna took Vow Karna that he will cut out his cursed Tongue from his Kantha ( Gizzard) which has dared to speak such sinful words to Draupdi.Now I explain how Karn was killed . Karn was killed by Anjalika weapon which was not divine weapon . It was not that mighty weapon. Neither it was great weapon or Divine weapon . It's complete fake. It was one of the weapons prepared & sharpened by Arjuna .which was sharpened enough & having heavy head with razor sharp edges & Pointed front like the Bladed Tradient ( Trishula) of Lord shiva . A heavy long & Broad arrow which was shot by Arjuna from his Gandiv by stretching his arms like the wings of Eagle & using his best broaded n most powerful forearms which stretched along the string of Gandiva Bow to that extent where Arjuna’s roaring chest of Lion seems to separate the two worlds . And then he left his arrow from Gandiv with that enormous strength that the momentum ( Mass* Velocity ) of that arrow seems to convert that arrow in-to a Javelin kinda weapon which took away the Head of Karna with his Breath along with his sinful Toungue in just fractions of seconds that he dint even got a chance to utter a single word of Aah… from his Throat.Yesss… read my last lines again & again . Read the Pledge which Arjuna took against Karna. Karna was not able to cry or got a chance to yell like Jaydratha. Arjuna was so sharp & best skilled Archer that he fullfilled his pledge by taking away his Head from that point from where Jeehva ( Tongue)get connected with throat . And his arrow took away the karna’s head in fractions of seconds. And that’s how Arjuna pledge was fulfilled with 100 % perfection . Leaving no stone Unturned for his words which he said to Karna at Dhritarashtra court . Thanx...	
Metallic objects take billions of years to degrade What happened to weapons coins jewelry utensils and other metallic objects used during Mahabharata and Ramayana Why aren t we finding these objects during	Most metallic objects do not take billions of years to degrade. Gold and silver are somewhat resistant to degradation, non-precious metals like copper, iron and lead will deteriorate over time. Perhaps looking at metallic weapons, jewelry, seals and tools from the Indus Valley Civilization will help answer your question.The copper seal above, M-1568A, was found at Mohenjo-Daro.Tools from the IVC site Kalibangan.At a north Indian village called Maandi, a trove of IVC jewelry was found and looted. There were pierced gold discs, agate and carnelian beads, gold fillets, and many other precious items, held in silver and copper containers. Some it got into the hands of police and archeologists, but most of it was kept by looters or sold in local markets. This could be the fate of more than 90% of ancient metallic objects, once found, they get smelted and sold, not put on display in museums.For hundreds of years, ships laden with silver kept leaving Indian ports, and that is the probable fate of many gold or silver antiquities which were found during the British Raj. The melted metal went to Britain.You asked specifically about metal items from the time of the Mahabharata and the Ramayana. How long ago do you think that was? Most of the items pictured above are at least 4,000 years old. At the IVC site of Bhirrana in north India, a copper arrowhead and a copper bangle were found by archeologists at the oldest level, which dated from around the 8th millennium BC, or ten thousand years ago. Such antiquities are very rare.So, how old do you think the events of the Mahabharata and the Ramayana were? Should we really expect to find a weapon or seal with the Indus script name of Rama or Krishna on it? Or wouldn’t such a thing, made of gold or silver, just get re-cast over and over, for the next prince or king?	The main reason there are no artifacts from these two “events” is that the “events” are legends - not factual. They are poetic versions of old stories that- most likely - are not actual happenings. For much the same reason, there are no fossils of the “giant black bird” that many native American Indians hold as part of their lore.In order to “prove” these events, you will need to mount rather massive and highly expensive archeological searches that result in clearly identifiable personal, household, military, and pecuniary items that are mentioned in these works of fiction.However, before you start digging, I should point out that most scientific searches of this type begin with scholarship: years of pouring over every scrap of written documentation regarding these two works; otherwise, it would be like searching the world for hard evidence that would prove the existence of Santa Claus.	
How did Radha stay for years after Krishna left	Just as people stay in love!Krishna left his flute with her. And they are epitome of love so when thinking about them just think of love but not about what they went through and how.This all is part of life and when there is love life rises no matter what.Till start chanting:Aum Shri RadhaVallabhaye Namah!	
Why did Krishna select Arjuna and not Yudhisthira for Mahabharata	Question: Why did Krishna select Arjuna and not Yudhisthira for Mahabharata?Answer: Because Krishna was smart! Here is why.On a Chess board:The King needs to be protected at all cost.Although the King can move in all eight directions, it can move or capture only one square in a move.The Queen is the best attacking piece on the board.The Queen not only can move in all eight directions but also has unlimited range on the board.On the battlefield of Kurukshetra:Yudhishthira needed to be protected at all cost. For if he was captured, Kauravas would have won the war of Mahabharata. Also, although he was a master in using the spear, he wasn’t the most powerful warrior in the Pandava camp.Arjuna was not only the best archer but also the best warrior in the Pandava Camp. This made him the most potent force and also, under the guidance of Krishna, he became the deciding factor of the result of the war!	The very first reason is Arjuna is the only human who can defeat any one in the world. His skills and speed are important to gets victory in the war. There is no other warriors in the war to defeat Bhishma, Drona and other main leaders of the Kaurava Army. He is only act according to the situations, Arjuna can control on his mind and emotional impact on him. This is the main reason for Krishna(Lord) choose Krishna(Arjuna) for the war.Second reason is he is Re birth of Sage Nara who is also an incarnation of Vishnu who takes rebirth to destroy evilness from the world.	
What is the proof that Lord Krishna had 106 080 children What is the name of that book	Can we put similar question?What is the proof that your great great grandfather existed?In which book it is written and who wrote it? No answer indeed.Don’t worry, the unseen can be proven by the present person. If I exist my father must exist. If my father exist his father must exist and so on till it reached to God. In this way it can be traced back.Similarly, people who had seen Lord Krishna and His children had written those data in the book called Srimad Bhagavatam. In fact, from the spiritual point of view, 106080 is not the actual numbers. It is beyond number, i.e. infinite. All the souls are His children. And the number of souls are infinite.Thank you.	
According to you which version of the Mahabharat is better B R Chopras or the new Mahabhrat shown on Star Plus	It depends on what is more important to you, the looks or the content.If the looks are the main criteria, then the Star Bharat had better graphics, new technology and hence better picture quality, better audio quality, better sets and some good looking people acting in it. Not everyone acted well or suited their parts, of course, but overall they were better looking than BRC because ‘looks’ was a main consideration for picking them, not their acting or suitability. So you had a dashing Karna who looked about the same age as Arjuna, and younger than Yudhishthira, when in actuality Karna was at least 10 years older than Yudhishthira! Krishna, though good looking, wasn’t ‘krishna’, which means wasn’t dark complexioned. Draupadi, though beautiful, was also very fair, when Vyasa described his Draupadi as a ‘black flame’. Most of them couldn’t act; they either got the words right or the expressions, although Arav was an exception as Bhishma. Overall the costumes were better than the actors wearing them. But it all ‘looked’ very good.In terms of content though, the Star Bharat was hugely misleading. While some people liked the different interpretations and ‘twists’ that were put on the characters, people who have actually read the Mahabharata found it deeply unsettling and a travesty. They essentially kept the Mahabharata aside and looked for their stories in other sources, like retellings, novels and plain fiction. Interesting for some, no doubt, but it laid the groundwork for further travesties, like Suryaputra Karna, Dharmakshetra and the upcoming Karnasangini. New generation that hadn’t watched BRC or knew much about the Mahabharata took the Star Bharat at face value, and Karna became the new hero of the epic for a lot of people, so much so that his fans now blame Vyasa for sidelining him! To put it in perspective, it’s like blaming Valmiki for not weaving his tale around Meghnad!Now for BRC. Looking at it now, and I’m really watching it currently, of course it looks very dated. The audio, video, the graphics, the costumes- everything is dated. Romantic scenes are cringeworthy. Sets are small and there’s no sense of grandeur. Actors are older, and most of them are wanting in the ‘looks’ department. But then this is the verdict for it now; it was a crowd-stopper and street-emptier in its time. Those who had watched it will still remember it’s title song, with all the shlokas. And it was made on a grand scale for its time, much grander than it’s famous predecessor, Ramanand Sagar’s Ramayana.Now to the content. BRC mostly followed the Critical Edition of the Mahabharata, except in two famous scenes where it didn’t, and gave a higher preference to spice. Those two scenes being Draupadi refusing Karna at her swayamvara and the one where Draupadi calls Duryodhana the blind son of a blind man. Many things were omitted, of course; the Mahabharata is a huge work and production houses have a budget and a limitation on the number of episodes. But mostly it stuck to the main story and facts, barring a few details added or omitted for effect.The actors might look old and not-so-hot today, but their acting was several notches higher than the Star Bharat ones. Their diction was impeccable and didn’t sound forced. They didn’t drop their expressions to get the words right. Bhishma, Vidura, Yashoda, Kunti, Gandhari…the actors playing them gave some of the best performances of their careers. And the icing on the cake was Nitish Bharadwaj playing Krishna. Sourabh Jain was good, but pales in comparison to Nitish. Sourabh looked good, with his height he towered over everyone quite literally, but his diction was forced; you could tell at times that he was pronouncing some of the most difficult words of his life. That could be because of the change in the general usage of Hindi in daily life with time, but we’re comparing actors so that’s a huge point.As for the pandavas, both Bhima and Arjuna of both the versions left me cold. Just plain bad casting. Bhima was a lot more than just a comical glutton or a wrestler with no brains; he was a fierce fighter and the main protector of his family. He was good looking enough to entice Hidimba, and even queen Sudeshna of Matsya found him handsome! Arjuna of BRC was a bad choice because in the middle of some great acting, the actor stuck out like a sore thumb. His dialogue delivery wasn’t that good and he failed to make his character the star of the show. He was tolerable then, now he’s just plain horrible. Arjuna of Star is a good looking model and actor, but he sleepwalked through his role mostly. The actors playing Bhishma and Karna totally overshadowed him, and compared to Sourabh he just didn’t look good enough. It can also be blamed on the script to some extent, that became more and more Karna-centric, but only some. The rest of the pandavas were forgettable in both, though the Yudhishthira of both versions were tolerably good.Despite feeling and looking dated, I would still vote for BRC over Star Bharat. Because content and acting matter more to me than the glitzy looks. Probably also because it brings with it a sense of nostalgia; of carefree school days, and Sunday mornings spent in anticipation, of hearing its title song on neighbor’s TV and hurrying to switch on ours, of virtually empty streets and the spectacle of an entire nation glued to its TV sets. Jane kahan gaye woh din! :-)	
What is older the Mahabharata or the Indus Valley civilization	What is older, the Mahabharata or the Indus Valley civilization?Projected dates of the Indus Valley Civilization are 3300–1300 BC [1] with the mature period being 2600–1900 BC.[2]Lord Krishna left for His heavenly abode in 3102 BC.[3] This was 36 years after the Mahabharat war going by Empress Gandhari's curse (MBH Mausal Parva). So the war can be placed somewhere around 3138 BC. If the IVC is dated from 3300 BC (bear in mind that this is a tentative date), it means the people had started settling around the periphery of modern-day India during or just before the Mahabharat war.To me, it seems like the people of the IVC came from some other country and were waiting for the Mahabharat war to end so they could enter India and wreck havoc on the locals. That's just what I feel though. The Mahabharat war was, for all intents and purposes, a world war of sorts with armies coming from as far as China (चीन), Iran (म्लेंच्छ, दस्यू, दृह्यु , पारसिक), Tajikistan (उत्तर कुरु), and perhaps even Greece (यवन). The IVC might have started out as a reserve force of some of these countries, I can't say.Source for the many foreigners in the Mahabharat:Sanjay, in the Bhishma Parva recounts the names of kingdoms around Hastinapur"There are other kingdoms... in the south. They are the Dravidas, the Keralas... the Cholas... the Trigartas... the Vidarbhas.Among the tribes of the north are the Mlecchas, and the Kruras, the Yavanas, the Chinas, the Kambojas, the Darunas, and many Mleccha tribes; the Sukritvahas, the Kulatthas, the Hunas, and the Parasikas; the Ramanas, and the Dasamalikas....the diverse tribes of Kiratas; the Tomaras, These and other kingdoms are on the east and on the north."Footnotes[1] Indus Valley Civilisation - Wikipedia[2] Indus Valley Civilisation - Wikipedia[3] Krishna and Mahabharat: Historical reality	Historian Says Mahabharta War started around 3100 to 3102 BC. Indus valley Civilization fall between 3300 to 1300 BC. So we can say that Mahabharta war started at early age of Indus valley civilization(Bronze age)	Mahabharat is 5,050 years old. VIVASWAN RULED ABOUT 10,000 YEARS AGO. Indus Valley civilization has no memories of Krushna or Vivaswan.	
Who is able to defeat Arjuna	Nobody. Arjuna was undefeatable in the war. Nobody in the world was equal to his skill. He was superior to all the warriors including Bhishma, Dronacharya,Kripacharya, Shalya, Karna, Aswatthama. He was ambidextrous ; which is why his another name is 'Sabyasachi' and he was expert to shoot arrows from far distance (Jayadratha vadh) , from very close distance and even from dark by hearing the sound. He could fight from the chariot, on horse, on elephant and even on foot. Even the demigods like- Indra, Kartikeya, Surya couldn't defeat him. He was only defeated by Lord Shiva after a courageous fight with Him. But, it is very unfortunate that it becomes a trend today to defame Arjuna.	Many..He is the most overrated character in Mahabharata.Babruvahan was one of them. Most of the people don’t know this story but Arjuna was killed by his own son Babruvahan.Yudhishthira performed Ashwamedha Yagna. When Ashva reached Manipura, it was captured by King Babruvahan, the son of Arjuna through Chitrangada. They both fought and Babruvahan killed Arjuna.Later he was resurrected by Uloopi’s diamond.	If you talk about mahabharata era then, Karna, Bheeshma,Drona all were able to defeat Arjuna. Even more importantly, Krishna himeslf had capacity to defeat everyone at a same time but it was Krishna who always saved and backed Arjun up. So he was the winner.	
Who did Lord Balarama favour more Duryodhana or Yudhisthira	Balarama did not favour either, in terms of helping one more than the other. He was fair in that sense but I feel that heart of hearts he did have a soft corner for Duryodhana. This soft corner made him kinda gloss over the fact that Duryodhana was obviously not going down the right path. After the war was technically over he did get furious with Bhima for hitting ‘below the belt’ and fatally injuring Duryodhana despite the fact that Duryodhana and his cronies had indulged in unethical practices all their life. Given that Balarama did not intercede at those points, I feel his rage at THIS point shows that he did feel sympathy for Duryodhana more than he did for Yudi.	Duryodhan was a favourite pupil of Balarama. Balarama taught gada Yuddham to Duryodhan. Balarama wanted Subhadra to be married to Duryodhan. But Subhadra loved Arjuna and married him.That is reason why Balarama did not take part in Mahabharata. When Bhima hit Duryodhana below his hips in gada yudham, Balarama was very angry and wanted to kill Bhima.	
Which actors do you think were not suitable to the characters they portrayed in the Mahabharat 2013 TV series	YudhisthiraMale version of Katrina Kaif! Stone face all over the series. No acting at all.NakulaCouldn't they found any other guy to play the most handsome man of that time? Sorry if I sound rude but the scriptures says Nakula was the most handsome(Krishna is included), if they are true then seriously this guy is a very bad choice for Nakula.DhritarastraJust one word for him. Horrible!!! Bad expression, bad acting and too much over acting.DuryodhanLike father like son! This guy increased my hatred for this character.ArjunaThis guy is probably the most overrated actor of this series. Good looks are not enough to portray a great character like Arjuna, acting is needed; and that's what this guy lacks. Most of the time crying expressions, very poor voice, lack of aggressive nature of a warrior that too of Arjuna.SubhadraKrishna's sister was a goddess herself, her beauty made Arjuna fall head over heels. This girl is very sweet but sorry to say she's isn't suitable for the role of Subhadra.RukminiShe was so good as Dharma, I wondered what happened to her here. Irritating dialogue delivery, Horibble makeup. Not a good pairing opposite Krishna (SRJ).SatyavatiGood actress indeed. But she looked too young to portray a grandmother to Dhritarastra and Pandu, and later great grandmother to their sons.	
What would have happened if Draupadi wanted to take a sixth husband	Thank you for the A2A Arnab. You have a wicked sense of humor, to direct this one to me!So Draupadi wanting a sixth husband. Hmmm. Tell me, original poster of the question, when exactly? I mean at what point of time in her life? Immediately after her swayamvara? But at that time she thought she was marrying the rather dashing, if poor, young Brahmin who had won her swayamvara competition in style. Rather strange thought to have, to think of a sixth husband when you’re just marrying one!Would she want it immediately after finding out that she would be marrying five men, instead of just one? Because that’s the first thought that would enter any woman’s head when faced with such a situation, no? Like, why five, why not six! I’m surprised she didn’t throw a tantrum at that point to force them to run out and find a sixth man!Or maybe she would’ve realized she needed a sixth husband in Indraprastha, when she was the queen and her five husbands were pampering her! Maybe she thought, if there had been a sixth one, she would’ve been more looked after! But then why not seven, or even ten? Heck, why not hundred?Or maybe she wanted a sixth one at the time of Dyut! Because five husbands sitting there being sorry just didn’t look right; a sixth one would’ve completed the picture nicely. One more man to call for help and being ignored, one more man to save, one more man to blame later…hmm I see the point now.But then maybe she wanted a sixth husband during her exile in the forest! Because blaming six imperfect men is always better than blaming five imperfect men. God, what did she do when she needed to berate a sixth man? Shouted at the trees? How awful for her.She might have wanted a sixth husband during their period of going incognito in Matsya. Then he could have pretended to be her while she would’ve gone on an extended vacation to some exotic land and sipped pina coladas while her six husbands slogged their way through the year.Or maybe she wanted a sixth husband during the war. I mean she had five husbands and sons and her father and numerous brothers and nephews to fight, but obviously she needed someone to fetch her the pina coladas while these people were playing the game of thrones. But then, men being men, this sixth one would also have joined in, so that would’ve defeated the entire purpose.Or maybe she wanted a sixth husband after the war! But the tragedy was that most of the men were dead, killed by her five husbands. Hmm, maybe that’s why they killed every other man off, to stop Draupadi marrying a sixth man! Who knew, maybe she had been threatening them with that since a long time and they decided to remove all the contenders at one go, and hence the war!So it would be nice if the original poster clarified at exactly what point of time in her life would Draupadi have wanted a sixth husband. Because she herself said she would’ve been happy with even any one of them, and the five together were like five senses enervating the body. Her words:All of you are like celestials. All of you are capable of resisting foes. All of you are competent to scorch your enemies. If only one of you had become my husband, my happiness would even then have been very great. What need I say then, O tiger among men, when all of you, numbering five, are my husbands (and look after me) like the five senses inspiring the physical frame?Source: Shanti Parva, Rajadharmanushasana Parva, Section XIV, KMG unabridged translationAnd she said these words after living with them for a good 35–40 years at least, after suffering all the hardships together, even after her sons, father, brothers including her twin, nephews etc had been killed. You really think this woman ever wanted any other man except her husbands?	No one ever cared what Draupadi wanted - neither did Lord Shiva - who decided she will have five husbands because she asked for a husband five times (no she didnt ask for too many qualities that's a wrong story - she asked for virtuous husband five times so Lord Shiva decided he will use the opportunity to make her marry five Pandav as)Even a child knows if someone asks for water 5 times they still want only 1 glass of water not 5 why wouldn't Lord Shiva know thatWhen it was decided that Draupadi will marry 5 Pandavas,It was Vyasa who had advised Pandava to do that,It was Kunti who reminded Arjun and Yudhishthir diplomatically of that adviseIt was Arjun who asked Yudhishthir to decide whether they will follow Vyasa's advise or notIt was Yudhishthir who decided that they willand finally it was Drupad and Dhristadyumn who agreed with the decision after Vyasa's insistence.No one asked what Draupadi wanted and no one cared either. It was that kind of times, when men would not care about a woman's wishes. A woman was a property then, to be won enjoyed distributed or stakedIt is only now in 2018 that Supreme court has finally announced by repealing the adultery law that woman are actually humans not property.So to answer the question - Draupadi may have wanted 1 husband or 5 or 6 or even 100, wouldn't matter at all, she would still be married to 5 Pandavas only as the men in her life (Lord Shiva, 5 Pandavas, Her father, her brother ) wanted her to be married to 5 pandavas only	Why would she?I mean she was happy with Just Arjuna and that is subtly given in the epic. She had no opinion and neither did love anyone else. She understood that thing was decided by his father and should be OK. Arjuna or say a Brahmin won the contest and she was happy with that too. Later she finds she is going to be married to five people and no one asked her or say her opinion did not matter. She then served all five. Now, how her life became difficult has nothing much to do with five or one husband but wife of Pandavas. It became difficult because she was daughter of Drupad and being common wife she was being targeted to break the unity. She was one of many plans which they were going to try. They thought of breaking Drupad relationship with them. They thought of separating twins from remaining three by dividing them. So, they had many plans and anyone would have hit sooner or later.Had she been wife of anyone one of four she would have been safer but had she been wife of Yudhisthir then it was 50/50 chances. They would have left her like Devika or embarrassed her to pit Drupad against his son in law. We could never say.But all these things won’t change that Draupadi neither had choice while deciding this thing nor would have choice in other matter.So, there could be two possibilities:wanting a sixth husband initially—I doubt any woman would have such a weird idea in that age. I don’t even think anyone has that idea even today. Even in case of men who have multiple wives don’t fix such kind of target or numberWanting a husband after living with those five—With character of Draupadi it doesn’t go well. She seems to be serving happily all of them and not interested in having a sixth one.Wanting a sixth choice after the humiliation— No, in that case also she would think of only Arjuna and Bhima. There also she stands with Yudhisthir publicly but taunts him privately. However, we see her not having such attitude.Wanting a sixth husband so that nothing bad happens to her—Well, the bad happened her because of attitude of society. In that case she knew that most of the men of those times were like that only. The sixth person often suggested by many known as Karna who allegedly or in fan fantasy has all five qualities too called her prostitute and a property. The same man was ready to give his wives to foot soldiers just for finding Arjuna. In that case Yudhisthir still was far better choice for did not declare her such an easy prize and only gambled her as last resort. I see few men actually opposing her stake as such. Even Harishchandra had taken her wife as property.Wanting a sixth husband for any quality—Well, in previous birth she might have such a list but in that birth there was no such list. Moreover Arjuna fulfilled all qualities such as strength to string the bow which Jarasandha and Duryodhana like people couldn’t even handle. Even Karna failed as per most editions. His good looks are praised by Drauapdi and he was a great archer. He knew Dharma and that is why Krishna was with him. and even other pandavas had several qualities and Draupadi was not some woman shopping on Amazon replacing mobile phone or dress for better looks.	Who gave us the right to attribute whatever we wish to Vedavyasa’s Draupadi..?Definitely I feel this is another way of asking What if Draupadi selected Karna as her sixth husband. For,most of us refuted the Karna Draupadi angle with valid references,now this question ….who else is the contender for the sixth husband post? Ofcourse Karna..due to the misinterpretation Of Krishna’s offer in Udyogaparva.The said verse says Draupadi will attend the abhisheka along with the princesses at Shashti Kal, the time specified for coronation. Krishna never offered Draupadi to Karna.Coming to the present question ,Draupadi will never chose a sixth husband. Keeping aside the previous birth,boons etc..I will give the reasons.First and foremost marrying five is not Draupadi’s choice. She was not consulted.The decision was taken by Yudhishtir after observing all his brothers including himself looked besotted with her. Kunti’s word just showed the way..to sustain famous Pandava unity,that is essential more for Yudhishtir than for other brothers.Draupadi did not have any option but to accept the decision and she did it. She appeared cheerful when she served them in the potter’s hut ,so she is branded as one Who was very much in favour of the decision. God knows what she must have felt in her heart but her journey as the wife of not one but five started there at that moment only.Not an easy taskIt is highly difficult to please one husband through loyalty and service specially in Dwapar,where wives are dominated by men ,objectified and utilised even as stakes( Yudhishtir staked the common wife) and even offered as gifts ( Karna announced that he will offer his wives to any one in the war field if they show Arjun to him)Draupadi now had five husbands who differ in every way by temperament and attitude.Yudhishtir operates on a level where he believes he is the ultimate in following dharma. He just goes ahead with this belief. Most of his time will be spent on rituals,sacrifices,listening to Puranik stories..round the clock in Indraprasth or during exile. Draupadi submitted herself totally to his cause and delivered her duty with aplomb.Multitasking she has to do and to her credit day and night she dedicated her services to please the Royal son of Kunti.Bhima in contrast is less complicated..Draupadi has to take care of his love for food and attend to his needs ..He being Bhima definitely needed her services and attention going by his temperament. Draupadi did not give any chance to complain..even in the forest she spent time with him ….The Epic gave us instanceslike when they roam on Ganthamadhan ..The man who actually won her spent very little time with her compared to others. He was always away either on pilgrimage,penance or for fighting wars ,..He was the architect of Prosperity of Pandavas. But we still see Draupadi accompany him to Yamuna shores or spend quality time in Upaplavya with his closed circle. Obviously the third Pandav did make it a point to savour her love and services and Draupadi responded with her love and attention..Though not much had been written about the twins and their equation with Draupadi we can assume they also got the attention and services of Panchali who was perfect in following her dharma ..PreciselyDraupadi had a very difficult task to accomplish as the wife of five.It is not easy to cope up with five different persons with their individual life style..It is stressful.No woman would willingly chose five instead of one unless Destiny demanded her to do so.And you think she would chose a sixth husband? I request you ( whoever asked the question) to be sensible and realise how insulting it is to even think that way about a devoted wife,a great lady who followed her dharma with honesty and conviction.	Thanks for the A2A Arnab GhoshWhat would have happened if Draupadi wanted to take a sixth husband?Nothing. Draupadi was never a decision maker in the entire Mahabharata.Polygamy is lot simpler in Sanatana Dharma, compared to polyandry. This is the reason for polygamy to be more popular than polyandry. Another important reason is that men considered women as objects.However, Draupadi is offered to take the route of polyandry. This is purely a political reason rather than philosophical. To Yudhistira, the unity of Pandavas is most important as it is the key for their survival. To Drupad, relationship with Pandavas is helpful in multiple levels. Since they were the decision makers of Draupadi at that time, an unanimous decision is made to marry her off to all Pandavas. Vyasa also narrates the story of Lord Shiva, to let them know that it has come to that situation by the will of the God.Unlike Polygamy, where a man can marry any other woman at different time periods, polyandry has limitations in it. All the examples of polyandry points thatThe woman married brothers or closest peopleMarriage ceremony happened within a day, between the woman and all the menThe woman seems to be the first wed wife of all the men of the marriage, for enjoying equal privilege between the husbandsMarriage seems to give equal control of the woman to all the men(Yes, this is sexist)So, Draupadi could not demand a sixth husband, even if she desires to take one. NOTE: I am not saying Draupadi liked certain someone and secretly wished to marry him. Just saying she is not allowed to marry.Even Yudhistira, the one who has control(responsibility) over Draupadi, cannot marry Draupadi off to any one, even for political reasons. Draupadi is lawfully wed to Pandavas. This happened right after Arjuna won Draupadi in the Swayamvara. So, she is a married woman right after that marriage ceremony.If any one, say Jayatradha, wished to marry Draupadi, he cannot. Because she is wife of another person. The same reason, Amba was rejected by his lover.So, all things considered, Draupadi cannot get a sixth husband.	If you talk about Feminism today, then it seems ok. . . .Draupadi could have many husbands as per her will .. .or her wish. . . . .But in Dwaparyuga, she desired for a husband who has five good qualities. . . .But Viddhata desired something different. . . . for Draupadi. . .Instead one, Viddhata chose five husbands having five different qualitiesIn the Swayamvar, not Arjuna (as no one knows about Arjuna including Draupadi), Jishnu , a Brahmana, won the princess. .And then, Jishnu ’s mother ordered her division into five. .And then a havoc comes, how a woman can have five husbands . .But we forgot that Viddhata is not fool, who chose not one, but five husbands . .Viddhata can’t be said wrong. .for Draupadi. .Viddhata knows very well about everything and every being . . .Viddhata cares for everyone. .So, how can we say Draupadi can’t have five husbands . . . ! ! !Yes, she can have, even more than that . . . ! ! !Even 100, 1000s, etc . . . . ! ! !I mean only some , not 100, 1000s, ! ! ! !So, it’s true she got attracted towards more to Arjuna, ! ! ! !But one should analyse that she got attracted towards Arjuna, when she was separated from Arjuna for almost 12 years. . .And then Arjuna came after being married with Subbhadra. . .Because in the conversation with Satyabhama, Draupadi revealed the fact that she never differentiated in her husbands. . . .So, was she lying to Satyabhama ? ? ?No,she was not lying. . . . .Draupadi was the only woman who was made for a husband having five qualities. . . .or. . . the five husbands having each different qualities. . .But separation from Arjuna made her an ordinary woman. . .what I think so. . .Because she said after Arjuna went for penance….thatSeparation from Arjuna is more painful than insult done in Kuru Sabha. . .I mean, this is the craziest statement , ever I found of Draupadi . . .Has she forgotten that it was not Arjuna, or any Pandava who saved her from disrobing, and undressing. . . ! ! !It was no one. . . ! !No one even tried to save her . . ! !Then, why did she think of saying that Separation from Arjuna is more painful than the insult done in Kuru Sabha. . .Is this not a crazy statement. . . ? ? ?Yes, this is really a crazy statement of Draupadi. . .Draupadi came in illusion. . . which is clearly being understood. . .which happened after getting separation after separation from Arjuna . .Therefore, she died first, not five Panadvas. . .Draupadi was made equally for the five Pandavas who had five different qualitiesBut the separation of not fulfilling the complete service of a wife for her husband , specially, for Arjuna, became her delusion, and then her downfall. . .She came in illusion completely . .In Bhagwat Gita, Lord Krishna saysO Arjuna, that yogi is considered the best who judges what is happiness and sorrow in all beings by the same standard as he would apply to himself. - 6.32By being established in Yoga, O Arjuna, undertake actions, casting off attachment and remaining equipoise in success and failure. Equanimity is called Yoga. - 2.48O Arjuna, one who engages in Karma-yoga with organs of action, controlling the organs with the mind and becoming unattached - that one excels. - 3.7Now, in conversation with Satyabhama, Draupadi admitted she was yogi, that is, she was in karma yoga, that is,she was not partial towards any Pandava..But. . . as time passed on, it’s found out that, , she became more partial towards one particular Pandava . . which became her downfall . . . .So, raising the question, that if Draupadi wanted to take a sixth husband?Yes, I will say, again, if Feminism works, then ok. . .she could have as many husbands as she desired for. . .Because, if a man can have many wives. . .then what’s wrong in that a woman can’t have many husbands. . .thanks.	
Whats the difference between the Indian version of the Mahabharata and the Ramayana and the Balinese version	History do not have many versions. There is only one version of Ramayana which is Valmiki Ramayana and one version of Mahabharata which is Vyasa Mahabharata. Rest all are literary works, inspired works, convoluted works, works done to defame, works done to eulogise, works done to inspire and works done to elevate poetry etc. But no other version is true in its sense and hence not real. Hence, if you really wanna the difference; then the Indian version which is written by true authors is real and rest all versions are trash :)	
Did Lord Krishna fall in love with Rukmini after reading her letter	They are eternally bound to each other by love. They are Lakshmi-Narayan, they are always in love with each other. There's nothing to fall in love for them. But, as Krishna was Leela-purushottam, he loved to play in his time on earth.Devi Lakshmi, born as Rukmini, fell in love with Krishna hearing about his beauty, intelligence, courage and strength. She wrote a letter to Sri Krishna stating her feelings for him and sent to to Dwarka. Indeed, she was destined to be with Krishna. Krishna, on the other hand, being the purna-avtaar, knew everything which was to be happened. He knew the mul swarup of him and Rukmini and all others on this earth. He was waiting for Rukminj to play her role, and when she did, he didn't waste any time to bring his wife, eternal love, light of Vaikuntha, devi Lakshmi ji, to his karmabhoomi Dwarka.	
Is there any dharmic scriptural basis to support that women are the property of men as indicated in the Mahabharata	Wrong premise.Yudhishtir had no rights to bet his brothers or as a husband had no rights to bet his wife hence he didn't bet Draupadi as his wife.But as a king he had every right to bet any commodity or anyone so as a king he used Draupadi as a bet to gain all his loss, not only Draupadi but Yudhishtir also used other four pandavas as bet and lost. Point is neither he used his brothers nor his wife as commodity but as subjects to throne!!That's why proper knowledge is essential as such half knowledge is always more dangerous than no knowledge, using such half knowledge people from certain community are often found claiming absurd statements about our religious text.Here is how it actually happened..Yudhishtir lost his kingdom and all his possessions one after another, and after loosing everything he was leaving the game but then Shakuni suggested to Duryodhana that he could use himself to bet against Yudhishtir and if Yudhishtir wins he could take back everything he lost..but Duryodhana knew that the game was rigged and hence said nothing.So first Yudhishtir lost himself to Duryodhana. Now Duryodhana ordered Yudhishtir to bet leftover pandavas as they all were also subject to king Yudhishtir, then Yudhishtir lost his brothers after that Duryodhana ordered Yudhishtir to bet Dropadi and assured that he could take back everything if he wins….again Yudhishtir lost as the dice were rigged.	Mahabharata is great art and must contain elements that must reflect the age in which it is written. It is delusional to take cases where it shows us the instincts of the age and claim that Mahabharata supports such a thing. Mahabharata also tells us about disrobing of Draupadi. Does that mean it teaches us to disrobe women? One has to use judgement in reading such an ancient text.Mahabharata itself warns us against reading it literally.Bhishma said in Mahabharata:Even the words heard from an ignorant person, if in themselves they be fraught with sense, come to be regarded as pious and wise. In days of old, Usanas said unto the Daityas this truth, which should remove all doubts, that scriptures are no scriptures if they cannot stand the test of reason.Mahabharata Santi Parva Section CXLIIAny Mahabharata passage that cannot stand the test of reason needs to be rejected since it does not have the status of scripture according to Mahabharata it self.	
How did Asuras gain more power in the Indian epics	By doing hard Tap, the Asura gained more power in the past Yugs.Devta hardly penance for any divine power, because, they are generally of Satvic nature and they stand by Dharm, but Asura due to their wicked nature or due to jealous attitude, there are so many demons who wanted to be the immortal and like Devta to rule. So, aiming it, they did hard Penance to Lord Shiva or Lord Brhama and thus demons got so many blessings and divine powers.You can read the history of Hirankashyp, Hiranyachh, Ravan, Kumbhkaran, Kansh, and many more demons, who wanted to be immortal. Not only that there are several demons, who wanted to rule like heaven God Indra. They invaded Swarg Lok and captured the throne of swarg forcibly. Demons symbolizes the Adhrm ill-religious, war, violence, Selfish attitude, disrespect to Brahmin and Dharm.They got powers from Lord Brahma ji and Lord Shiva and declared themselves as the Supreme Bhagwaan. From Hiranyakashp to Ravan to Kansh, all wanted to be immortal. They had the powers and they disrupted Yagna and captured the Bhaag of Gods, Goddess forcibly.Today, in Kaliyug, there are every where demon Ravan standing at the corner. So, if you are happen to be the Bhakta of Bhagwaan, you are safe, else there is no guarantee that you are always safe.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram/Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	Irrespective of one's motive, if one does sufficient austerities or tapas then he/she is bound to get the rewards.Whatever his intention was will not prevent him from getting the rewards.Here are a few verses from the Manu Smriti which talk about this overwhelming power of austerity/ tapas.11.234. All the bliss of gods and men is declared by the sages to whom the Veda was revealed, to have austerity for its root, austerity for its middle, and austerity for its end11.237. Medicines, good health, learning, and the various divine stations are attained by austerities alone; for austerity is the means of gaining them.11.238. Whatever is hard to be traversed, whatever is hard to be attained, whatever is hard to be reached, whatever is hard to be performed, all (this) may be accomplished by austerities; for austerity (possesses a power) which it is difficult to surpass.11.240. Insects, snakes, moths, bees, birds and beings, bereft of motion, reach heaven by the power of austerities.11.243. The lord, Prajapati, created these Institutes of the sacred law by his austerities alone; the sages likewise obtained the revelation of the Vedas through their austerities.So, when the intention will also eventually matter in deciding the overall fate of the Asuras but they are not to be deprived of the fruits of performing severe austerities by any means.Hence, they get the boons that they won with their severe tapas. God will always grant boons once he decides that this Asura has done the sufficient amount of austerity required to get the boons he is asking for.	By numbers. By creating fear among people.They disturbed the usual system for their selfishness.Even in Mahabharata you can see Pandavas were just five and Kouravas were hundred. Army of Duryodhan was far bigger than that of Dharmaraja. Pandavas won just because of the tactics of Krishna.The maximum ruling of kingdom was done by Duryodhan. He enjoyed much. Pandavas had to live in forests.Duryodhan ordered his brother Dushyasana to remove the saree of wife of Pandavas in Rajasabha. Still escaped from immediate punishment.Suras want peace, development,hormony.Asuras want wars,terrors, undevelopment, selfish goals.They are not just in epics. They all are around us. The language might change. Names may differ. But minds are same.Ordinary people have less choices,even though they can differentiate Suras and Asuras.	When there is cheating, injustice, hypocrisy, conspiracy, adharma in the human society, demons becomes powerful. The vice-versa is true for Devtas.For that reason it is recommended in the scriptures to live our life by following truthfulness, honesty and dharma for winning over demon or Asuras.	By tapas - that is, by FOCUSING and investing energy and time. It’s the same process for everyone, asuras, devas and ordinary human beings. The difference is that asuras use the power for destructive and selfish purposes, not for the general benefit of the universe.	Among ancient religions or way of life were:Vaishnav=> VishnuShakt=> ShivaDevi=>KaliSanatani=>BrahmaAll of above religions had Deva (Male Gods) and Devi's (Female Gods). In modern times all tha above sects have amalgamated and the amalgamated form is termed as Hindu. There were other ancient religions.5. Zoroastrian=>Adhura Mazda6. Pagan=>Zira, Thor, Athena, Hercules.Zoroastrian followers were living nearest to Indian Subcontinent. There were rivelary between between Hindus and Zoroastrians.Both civilizations were calling each other names like Indian and Pakis do.AHURA became ASURA,DEVAS became DEMONS.They fought many wars. Ahura followers or ASURA won sometime and many a times Devas won the war.Zoroastrian were	
What is the story besides the Vasus behind Bhishmas birth in Mahabharata	Once upon a time, there lived a great emperor of Ikshvaku dynasty, named Mahabhisha. He performed one thousand Aswamedha rituals and a hundred Rajasuyas. Based on his Karma, he attained heaven. For his virtuous deeds, he got eligibility to visit Satyaloka, the abode of Lord Brahma. one day, when all the Devas visited Satyaloka. Along with them Devi Gangaalso came to Brahma's abode. When all Devas were praising Brahma by holy chants, her clothes were displaced by the breeze, revealing some part of her body. Devas, knowing the rules of the court, bashfully bent their heads. However, Mahabhisha, instead of bending his head, kept gazing at her with lust. Ganga also kept watching Mahabhisha similarly(with lust). Upon looking at this act, Lord Brahma cursed Mahabhisha to take birth in a human womb. Since Ganga also had a part in Delinquency, he also cursed her to clear her sin and lust by marrying Mahabhisha in Martyaloka( the world of humans).As this was happening, Vasus are travelling along with their wives and were passing by the Hermitage of Sage Vasishta. Then, wife of the last Vasu asked him to get the Divine cow, Nandini Dhenu as, drinking its milk make people live healthy lives for ten thousand years without getting aged. She wanted to gift Nandini Dhenu to one of her dear friends in Martyaloka, Jithamathi, the princess of Usinara kingdom.That Vasu, without even thinking of the consequences, stolen the cow as per his wife's wish. He thought his happiness lies in the happiness of his wife. After searching for his cow, Sage Vasishta by his powers had known that Vasus had stolen Nandini and cursed these Vasus to be born as human beings. Knowing that they were cursed Vasus prayed Sage Vasishta not to punish all eight of them for one's mistake. Then Vasishta with mercy said that all the Vasus except Prabhasa will die soon after their birth and Prabhasa will live a longer life in Martyaloka without children.The cursed Vasus came to know what happened to Ganga in Satyaloka meanwhile and requested her they would bear as her children. They also asked to kill them as soon as they are born except Prabhasa.Shantanu seeing GangaAccording to the boon given to Ganga by the king Pratipa, the king of Bharatha dynasty, she would marry his son. Accordingly, Mahabhisha took birth as the son of Pratipa by name Shantanu. Once king Shantanu went hunting and he saw Ganga near the banks of river Ganges. He was attracted to her beauty and wanted to marry her. Then he remembered his father's words. As told by his father Pratipa, he should not question any kind of details and abide by the conditions laid by her. He did the same and they got married. Ganga left their first seven children into river Ganges as soon as they were born. Shantanu, fearing she might also kill their eighth son, stopped her with love towards his child. Since he breached her rule, Ganga left Shantanu. She named her eighth child as Devavratha and later handed him to his father after he grew up. The eighth Vasu, who was the son of Shantanu, by name Devavrata is one of the greatest characters of Mahabharatha "BHISHMA".Hope this helps, For more stories related to Sanatana Dharma( today’s hinduism), refer to the link below.The Untold of Sanatana Dharma	When king Shantanu was wandering in the forest.He found mysterious woman very beautiful.Attracted by her he gave marriage purposal to her.She accepted his proposal on one condition.Condition is simple she would take each baby born after with her.King accepted.Mesteriously one by one she take 7 babies with her.Curiousty trigger at the time of 8th child and king followed her .He surprised to see that she want to drown the baby in Ganga river.King stops her and inquired about her true identity.She disclose herself as River Ganga herself and gave the baby to king never to return again. Name of the baby was devvrat Later Bhishma and added pitamah by his grand grand sons called Bhishma pitamah.	
When did Krishna meet Radha for the first time	Radha is not in Mahabharat. only Surdas written first about Radha, its Surdas imagination written as poetry.no Radha existed EVER.	
Why did Lord Shiva lie to Arjuna while giving his Pashupatastra weapon that no one knew about it including Indra Yama Varuna Had he forgotten that Ramayana happened before Mahabharata	No, The Lord does not lie about anything to anybody. When Shiva said to Arjuna that no one knew about the Pashupath weapon including even the Gods he meant nobody even among the Gods knew how to invoke the celestial weapon. Lord Rama too had Pashupath but Rama was Vishnu so naturally Rama under Vishwamitra already knew the Pashupath. Shiva doesn't include Rama because Rama at that time in Krishna's form knew Pashupath too but Arjuna was a common man not an incarnation among the men only he was given the Pashupath's mantra which even The God's like Indra, Varuna, Vayu, Yama didn't knew. Only Shiva and Vishnu and their incarnations or forms may have known but none among them were common man like Arjuna. Rama was only a common man until he killed Ravana that the Gods headed by Brahma and Shiva revealed Rama that he was Vishnu's avatar. Before that only Vishwamitra, Agastya, The God's and Hanuman may have known Rama's real identity.	
Did Lord Vishnu really curse Mata Lakshmi	om I would like to remind every one who are reading this answer that Gods and goddesses (Devas &Devis) are superior beings and unlike us they are not tormented by ARISHATVARGAS(six internal foes) like kama,krodha,mada,matsarya,lobha etc.Puranas are sugar coated stories with a pinch of spice to make the story interesting and give the reader ,basic vedic conceptual knowledge.So they wont do such idiotic things what generally humans do.	
In the Mahabharata everyone has multiple names The Index to the names is 827 double column pages Are people who read it expected to know them all	Not necessarily.In one of your post your explained well about Gods having multiple limbs. It's as as your explained version of attributes.Duryodhana or Suyodhana both have same meaning.Arjuna has 10 popular names and they all describe his valour or his conquests.Draupadi - Paanchali - Krishna, again the first was out of her father Drupda, Paanchali for hailing from paanchala kingdom and Krushna (RU is right way to pronounce not ri) for the dark complexion she has.VedaVyasa, Krishna Dwaipayana, Badarayana -for segmented Vedas he's Veda vyasa, for his colour complexion he's another Krishna, for being person born in a island kind land( subcontinent surrounded three sides with water and top with ice indirectly is an island, he's Dwaipayana, Badarayana for being a dweller in a country cherry fruits( in Hindi it's called as bheer) Wood's he's Badarayana and even his Montessori is named as Badarika-aashrama.Lord Krushna is described with 1000names in Mahabharata but his attributes crosses this number too.There is a description of Shiva sahasranaama, and these too describe behaviour, characteristics and types of shiva thathva.	
Why did Drupad want Arjuna as his son in law despite being defeated by him as Dronas gurudakshina	There were four reasons behind this choiceHe was son of Pandu and a possible ally. Although his relations were bad with Bhishma and Hastinapur but Pandu had probably established some good connections and Drupad saw hope of getting some control on Hastinapur via sons of Pandu. Reputation of Pandu was great as he was not only great warrior to do Digvijaya but was wise and righteous. Anyone would like to connect with such family. This point however makes Yudhisthir equally possible choice.Arjuna was best disciple of Drona and some sort of his prestige. Taking him away was taking shield and sword of Drona, along with hurting him equally. By establishing such relationship he would probably cut Arjuna from Drona or at least hold him down.Arjuna was a great warrior and his name was already popular. Arjuna was also called Son of Indra and Indra was king of Demi-gods. Drupad himself saw his skill and his intelligence in the way he not only handled war and captured him but with minimum damage and still did not insult Drupad directly. Drupad would like to have such a warrior and his brothers in his corner than going against them. Moreover, Arjuna was just a tool or a disciple following his teacher with no personal enmity with Drupad like Drona had in his mind.Fourth point is just my speculation that after defeat Drupad was impressed by Arjuna and his brothers too. He would have further enquired about them as Sons of Pandu. Taking into consideration both Yudhisthir and Arjuna and found Arjuna better choice. He would have also observed his other qualities , him being liked by great warriors and proximity with other enemy Bhishma. Drupad had also sought a child known as Shikandini to kill Bhishma. So, Arjuna was not just aide of Drona but dear grandson of Bhishma too. So, if you want to take down your enemies it is tried and tested strategy to take away their dear and trusted ones.	When Drupad see Arjuna for the first time he found a unmatched glow in the body of Arjuna. During the war he was surprised at his skills and his talent and the speed like a cyclone in the war field. He wanted that time Arjuna as his son in law. After returning to his Kingdom he meets sages and performing a yagna. After finishing the yagna sages gives a fruit to Drupada's wife but she did not take so the sages through the fruit into the fire of yagna. From there a Devine glow entered into the fire and come twins first one is girl who is an incarnation of Lakshmi's and second one is a warrior who is an incarnation of Lord Fire.He named her as Krishna but she is papular as Draupadi.Her twin Brother is Drustadyumna.	
Was it Shakuni who won the Mahabharata	Most Correct Truth,King of Gaandhaar “SAKUNI” with the help of his father who sacrificed and formed PACHIKAAS won the war against BHISHMA and SMASHED to DEATH the entire KURU VAMSH.	No. The great war of Mahabharata was won by paandavaas.	
Did Krishna request Hanuman to be present atop his chariot just before the Mahabharata war started	No, not at all. Once Bhima met Hanumana who tested him by posing as an old monkey. Bhima was unable to even lift his tail and then Hanuman showed his real figure and blessed him to bless Arjuna’s chariot and also add power to roar of those creatures. Arjuna chariot already had an ape Banner. Hanuman thus gave strength to that monkey and other divine creatures on that banner who used to create various sounds. So, it was Bhima who got that support.Hanuman never met Arjuna and even the bridge story is also false. Even in the end when the chariot burns there is no mention of Hanuman coming out and meeting Krishna or Arjuna. It only mentions Krishna saying that it was he(krishna) who protected that chariot. Only mention is of a celestial ape(kapi) leaving the flag. But there is no clarity whether it was that already existing divine ape which was present even when the chariot was in possession of Varuna or Hanuman himself.So, to sum up Hanuman never had exclusive meeting with Krishna or Arjuna in relation to the chariot event. It was only Bhima who had ensured Hanumanji will protect Arjuna’s Chariot.	In entire Mahabharat Hanuman only has conversation with Bhima and humbles Bhima when Bhima despite being the most physically powerful entity among the Pandavas was unable to even lift the tail of Hanuman a little up or sideways. Hanuman never had any conversation with Krishna or Arjuna in Mahabharata. Hanuman only promised Bhima to bless the chariot of Arjuna with his power but Arjuna's chariot already had a celestial ape gifted to him by Agni from Varuna. Mahabharata doesn't mention the ape to be Hanuman, Hanuman only added his powers on the chariot but physically He was not there.	No, from the war with panchala kingdom Arjuna has kapidwaj. In entire MB Hanuman enter in the three cases only1.To test the Skills of Arjuna2.To test Bheema3.On 15th day while samsaptka surrended Arjuna chariot and try to stop Krishna and Arjuna దెన్ Hanuman appeared on the flag and give a big sound of monkeys.Except these cases Hanuman never appear in MB and no one invited him.	
In the Mahabharata which characters were named after her fathers kingdom	In the Mahabharata, many princesses were named either after their father's names or their father's kingdom.Gandhari - she was the princess of Gandhar.Madri - she was the princess of Madra.Panchali - she was the princess of Panchal. As she was the daughter of Drupad, she was also called Draupadi.I can't remember any more names now.	Gandhari —-daughter of Subal,king of Gandhar.	
What are the benefits of reading the Mahabharata	It's a good idea to read Mahabharat.As we all know Mahabharat is the cause of fight between Pandavas and Kaurvas.When they decided to fight war for the kingdom, Shri Krishna gave them two options either they choose Shri Krishna himself or Narayani Sena (Shri Krishna’s army), the eldest Duryohana of Kaurav chose Narayani Sena and Pandavas chose Shri Krishna.Shri Krishna said that he will not take weapons in the war fought in Kurukshetra.Shri Krishna become chariotter of Arjuna, making him consciously able to know the truth of life, relationships.One who reads Mahabharat will have all the knowledge that Shri Krishna shared with Arjuna.	Sage vyaasa said that one who reads or listens to Mahabharata completely will attain salvation.	
Could Karna with his Kavach Kundal defeat Bhisma and Arjuna	The Karna Fan club is as good as Pappu fan club ,editing and cross editing Wiki And taking great pain to make Karna un-defeatable even to Lord Krishna.The famous retreats of Karna happened against Arjuna was with Kavacha on few instances areIn Vivaha Parva Panchala desha Arjuna fought with Karna then too he had the safety jacket on.Karna the “un-defeatable mighty warrior“ with Kavacha Kundala ran away from Gandharva Chitrasena .Even Duryodhana put up a brave fight before capturing.In Virata Parva Arjuna fought alone against Bhishmacharya, Kripacharya, Dronacharya, Ashwathama,Karna etc and took back the cows of the Kingdom with Uthar.The same Karna with Kavacha and Kundala needless to say watched it as spectatorIt is a matter of Class and FormEven though , Karna is Maharathi so may defend Bhishma for a while further he will Lose. Arjuna it is as said before .Karna cant put up a longer fight even with Astras and Pratyastras he posses.Infact Arjuna should have cut Karna’s both hands and let some soldier cut Karna’s head for being instrumental in heinous killing of Abhimanyu.——————————Edit : Thanks Sri Anmol Kumar Sharma for the below wording4) Karna while at Parashurama’s Ashram was bitten with bug on thigh and bleed ,With this fact it is proven that he is susceptible to injury even by bug. Indicating his lower body is prone to injury and can be dismembered.( like that happened to Swarbhanu turning to Rahu & Kethu.)	No. Kavach and Kundal are not weapons which can be used to fight. They are only defense.So, if Karna fights Arjuna or Bhishma or even a half a Ratha warrior who wields even a decent bow, he will be defeated easily.Instead of giving armour, give Karna a weapon. And the fight could be interesting.	No, it's impossible to Karna to defeat Bhishma and Arjuna with or without his Shield. Because both are un defeatable warriors by even Gods and their King LordIndra. Karna was one who is unable to stop even a single Gandharva.	Yes! Karna could defeat Bhisma and Arjuna with his Kavach Kundal, By Birth Karana had Kavach Kundala, which were attached with body of Karna. Having Kavach Kundala, Karna could not die.	
Accroding to Bhima in Mahabharata Atharva Veda has incantations to compress time and its span Is it true If it is how could be possible	read complete Atharvaveda as available as of today with Hindi translations-: Four Vedas - Sanskrit text with Hindi commentary by Jaydev Sharma and find answer to your question yourself.	
Who are the real parents of Sri Krishna	devaki vasudev are real parents of lord Sri Krishna	
Which rules did Draupadi follow as a wife after getting married to the Pandavas	After Arjun won her in swayamwar, she simply followed him bare-foot to his dwelling place. At that time, all Pandavas were in disguise as Duryodhan tried to kill them in wax house. Thereafter they all revealed their original identity to king Drupada. Sage Vyas convinced king Drupada telling him Draupadi’s past life story. Accordingly all 5 pandavas married her. Due to divine plan, she became wife of all 5 Pandavas. Thereafter Sage Narada came to Pandavas and explained social problems that may likely to occur because of Draupadi and as per his advice, Pandavas vowed to follow a procedure. Accordingly, each brother should spend life with her for one year and the same rotation continued till their death. In vana parva, Krishna and Satyabhama came to meet Pandavas. There was some conversation between Draupadi and Satyabhama. Draupadi in detail explain her how she could manage all her 5 husbands with love, affection and respect. Draupadi was also very capable of managing affairs of palace. She could look after payments of wages to all soldiers including the welfare of their families. She never insulted any of her husbands in front of others and she was very careful in giving respect equally to all of them. There was no single complain against her from any one of her husbands during their life time. This was the capability of Draupadi.	
Why did Indra beg for Karnas armor and ear ring Did he not know Karna had been badly defeated injured and bled by Gandharvas Bhima and even a bee	Thanks for A2A.If you are rationalist you shouldn’t first place believe any ‘divine’ role in human history.In such case a human Karna born with a divine ‘armor’ and ‘earring’ is out of question.It is as mythical as Draupadi coming out of fire.They could be poetic metaphor but not actually possible.There can’t be any curse, boon or any divinity.In that case Indra taking away Karna’s Kavach-Kundala won’t make any sense.Now coming to other side - if you want to see through Mahabharata as it was told - the traditional way where every single words remains true.In such case one has to accept that Gods or divine elements were quite different than human.In Adi parva itself Mahabharata justifies the war saying that people were not dying since Yama stopped killing people and got busy with performing Sacrifice.So people, animals were not dying and earth was under pressure so to relieve earth Gods came up with a grand plan to cause a war and let people die in fighting.Many Gods and Asuras took birth in earth and which character were incarnation of which Gods.Therefore every actions of Gods were taken with one primary motive - cause a war and let people die in fighting.End of the day for Gods human death doesn’t make any emotional appeal, it was just a natural process. They were above human binding.So all the divine elements were given with a certain motives and were taken back once it’s use was over.Justification were given, dramas were played out, excuses were given only to fulfill human curiosity.Karna’s armor and earring were taken back because it’s use was fulfilled.His armor was taken only after he makes a vow to kill Arjuna.The armor protected the infant Karna after he was abandoned and it gave Karna and Duryodhana an unlimited confidence that they can do whatever they want with Pandavas and get away.His Shakti was taken after once it killed Gatotkacha - in mid of war. Was it meant to kill Gatotkacha?Or it was just that both the purpose of Shakti and Gatotkacha’s time was over?Drona loses all his divine weapons in his final moment - the weapons given to him by Parasurama.Bhisma was supposed to remain undefeated in war as per boon.On 10th day every single warriors attacks him and yet his body doesn’t suffers any thing.But in penultimate time Arjuna’s arrows strikes his body to his deepest part and throws him down. Why his boon was unable to protect him from Arjuna’s arrows?Karna’s chariot got stuck only on the 17th day when he was battling Arjuna.His bramhastra couldn’t be effective enough.The purpose of Karna it self was over.Was the purpose of Karna to bring all Khsatriyas to mid of battlefield?Arjuna’s chariot got burnt after war and Krishna justified it saying it was already burnt and it remained intact because of him.Was Krishna sitting all the time in that chariot?No.It was just that the purpose of the chariot was over and thus destroyed.Aswathamma killed every panchala with power of Rudra in night massacre.What happened to that power when he confronted Arjuna and Bhima on next day?He uses bramhashira to make all women barren.It was said Parasurama waged 21 war against Khstriyas and every time Khsatriya race survived because Khsatriya women went bramhins to produce sons.Aswathmma did what Parasurama couldn’t do - destruction of an entire race.Aswathamma’s Bramhasira possibly did the clean up that Gods wanted?With that the purpose of Bramhashira was over.Krishna lost his divine chariot and chakra just before the destruction of Dwarka.Why did he loses his Chakra and divine chariot just before destruction of Dwarka?Arjuna’s divine quiver didn’t produce any arrows and he forgot all weapons when he was trying to rescue the Dwarka women.Every above incident, there was some explanation given by some character to make it believable to humans, but not for single time it was told to any character that why Gods took birth in human form in order to to destroy Khstriyas - which was told to us in beginning of epic in adi parva.You can see all characters ends up in heaven.Did the Gods took incarnation in the midst of human, played a drama, exploited human to got for war and then left the earth when purpose is served?Did the Gods just exploited human emotions to lead them to a catastrophic war?Through out you can see every character had some characteristic flaws that led to ultimate destruction.Vyas end of the battle terms every thing as destiny.Now obviously not every one would agree with it.But if you want to see Mahabharata in full traditional way then you must agree that Gods descended to earth and took birth in human form only to lead human to a catastrophic war so that earth’s burden get reduced.You can’t cherry-pick from story without taking the entire picture.Now whether it was an excuse to justify the war (Rational way) or Gods really wanted to unburden earth (Traditional way) it’s up to you.	
What are the relations between Karna and Uruvi	Nothing as per Vyasa but may be She was his girl friend. Vyasa hid this fact from us but kavita kane who is blessed with divya drishti has revealed that to us in her book. Karna’s father Adirath forced him to marry girl of his caste and karna obliged as per vyasa. But how could karna not have a love story when Arjun has four love stories. So let us create one is idea of novel writers. urvi is just first wife. but later we might see him getting wed to celestial nymphs. I mean if Arjuna has rejected Urvashi then karna need to reject two to outsmart him. yeah!! that is what is in pipeline.Origin of storyIn an counter to Draupadi rejection which is itself fake in first place as it has been rejected by BORI and even Gita press, there was need to create urvi who would reject Arjun now. However , Vyasa Arjuna is never rejected but in fact woman want to kidnap him or curse him to get him. He is rejecting woman as per his choice be it urvashi or uttara. One on basis of her being mother like figure and other daughter like student. But if karna is allegedly rejected there should be revenge on Arjun by karna fans by creating a character who would reject him.Arjuna was very busyArjuna did not have much time to attend his own wives but novelist have lots of free time to write about him wasting his time to woo love interests of others. As per Vyasa Arjuna only went for two woman one was Subadra and other was Chitrangada. He even did not fall for Draupadi and just focused on the contest. His other wife Ulupi had kidnapped him. Woman were mad for him and he was the one who called the shots.Uruvi projection as a great figure is flawed.Urvi projection as one who neglected caste system and accepted as suta sound revolutionary for people. but Virat had already accepted daughter of suta sudeshna as his wife and keechak as brother in law. Technically now uttara is also granddaughter of a Suta and married to Abhimanyu. Mahabharat has many Suta as kings and married to royal princess like kekeya prince . Suta kingdoms and marriages in noble families is not a new thing.Other counter stories like UrviIt seems novelist are busy in taking revenge on Vyasa or trying to overshadow him. To make sure that Abhimanyu death doesn’t sound bad Vrishsen should be killed first and Sudama has to die in DRaupadi swaymwar. However, Vyasa mentions nothing like that. No son died in Draupadi swaymwar and even Vrishsen died later after Abhimanyu’s death.For every story of Arjuna we are inventing one new story of karna and its gets ingrained in public perception. Stories of him pushing Arjuna chariot and krishna praising, his donation stories of his tooth etc etc were such fake stories but with time they became realities of sorts. Now I will find it very difficult to convince my future generation that there was no Urvi, Vrushali etc etc.Injustice to Actual wives.karna had wives and they should be given respect. Such stories where there is other woman who takes their place is gross injustice to such great ladies and even karna. Karna worshipers don’t realize that it was his personal life and very dear to him. Even to glorify him we have no right to twist his life. At least there is one place where I want to not comment against karna or in favor of him. He was committed to his father and not wooing any other lady specially a fictional princess.	Answering it since I respect my friend Arnab who asked this question.I am too particular about the Epic facts I can’t even try to imagine that what is not found in the Epic.In all possibility if Veda Vyas comes down and finds how his Epic gets distorted to suit the whims and fancies of a section of people he will file a case against the so called reputed,internationally acclaimed authors like Chitra Divakaruni ,Kavita Kane,Shivaji Sawant,Devdutt Patnaik….etc.Honestly speaking considering the age gap between Karna and Arjuna which is minimum 14 years,I strongly deny the chance of Karna’s selection over Arjuna by any sensible minded princess.Why would any beautiful young princess gets besotted over Karna?What would a girl want in her future husband specially in Dwapar?Good looksHere Karna and Arjuna both are described as extremely handsome in various placesExhibition of valourTo be frank Karna did not have one Achievement to his credit by the time of Draupadi swayamvar.Arjuna had manyHe was the one who emerged winner in bird target set by DronaHe was the one who saved Drona from crocodileHe conquered Sauveeras and Yavanas whom even his father failed to defeatHe defeated Angaraparna Gandharva without even a bow in hand.The Fish TargetKarna failed to hit the fish target.Arjuna emerged winner.Karna was defeated by Arjuna in the war after the swayamvar.My choiceDefinitely Arjun. He was young,handsome,and he had proved himself with his exceptional valour.There are descriptions in the Epic of how Arjuna was adored by men and women alike,how women rushed to see him when he goes on conquests and when he visited Dwarika..Age factorThose Who are churning out love stories of Karna failed to realise the fact that he must be forty plus in contrast to a twenty five year old young Arjun with charm and reputation.Women are intelligent enough to select their life partner..Considering all these factors I refuse to acknowledge Urvi’s existence itself. Let the writer and her fans live in their own land of delusion.Why to discuss a charecter and the relations when I know all the while that it is a myth?	Kavita Kane is a Marathi author. She wrote a famous English fictional novel, called Karna's wife in which she named her character, Karna's wife, Uruvi. The book is worth a read, it was even nominated in Crosswords and Booker, besides Pulitzer's. There is also a series based on the book called Karnasangini. But Mahabharata doesn't mention anything about Karna's lady love.	Since she is not part of the Vyasa MB (as far as my limited knowledge goes), I have no clue. But I wud venture to say she was one of the later additions as Karna’s wife altho not a very very recent one. I suspect Uruvi is the basis for the currently running Karnsangini we are seeing since this imaginary characters is said to have had the opp to marry Arjuna but she chose Karna instead.	
What was Indias share to the world s GDP during the Mahabharata times	If you assume Mahabharata was fiction -During Mahabharata times, we had lord Krishna on land himself and you think GDP matters? Supreme God was in India. GDP doesn’t matter.	
Why did Lord Vishnu s Parshuram avatar have so much anger	By holding an axe he becames warrior n use it for prople who expliots their power n position to exploit t society n also to know t dangers of not curbingOur desires	
Parashurama was an avatar of Lord Vishnu Why did he curse Karna knowing that Karan didn t cheat on him	Who told you that Karna didn't cheat Parashurama?Karna went to Parashurama in a form of a Brahmin guy and said that he belongs to Brugu clane for Devine weapons. After realizing his reality Parashurama cursed him for his lying nature.	
Where else in Hindu mythology is Ram mentioned apart from the Ramayana or Mahabharata	Padma Purana, with around 55,000 verses is the 3rd largest among Indian literature and has different version(s) of Ramayana, which happened through multiple Treta Yugas.Srishti Khanda of the Purana has a small section dealing with Rama’s killing of Shambuka and a couple of other things. Uttara Khanda too deals with Rama’s story in a few chapters which tell the story of his birth, birth rites, the naming ceremony, etc. Here we are also told briefly of the birth of Bharata, Lakshmana and Shatrughna as well as of Sita, Rama’s guarding Vishwamitra’s sacrifice, the weddings of the four brothers, Rama’s exile to the forest and life there, Sita’s abduction and Rama’s subsequent battle with Ravana, his return to Ayodhya, the crowning and his eventual departure from the world. The narration here is mostly the same as what is found in Valmiki Ramayana, with some variations. Rama’s story here ends with Sita entering the earth and later Rama and his brothers walking into the Sarayu accompanied by the citizens of Ayodhya, the Vanaras, the Rikshas and so on, to end their life on earth, as in the Uttara Kanda of Valmiki’s Ramayana.However, it is in the Patala Khanda that we have the detailed narration of Rama’s story. Though this Khanda also speaks of other things, most of the Khanda is essentially Rama’s story, named Rama Aswamedha, which is the story of the last part of the Ramayana narrated against the background of the first Aswamedha that Rama conducts years after he abandons the pregnant Sita in the jungle. The story is not narrated in strict chronological order – for instance, the abandoning of Sita, an incident that takes place at the earlier part of the story, is narrated towards the end.Patala Khanda also explains about Sethu being built on ocean and how Vanaras crossed over it to reach Lanka, but the method here is different. The 116th chapter of this section is known as purAkalpIya-rAmAyaNa-kathanaM and contains Jambavanta’s narration of the Ramayana’s events.More : Retelling Ramayana through Padma Purana - Puranas	Rama is not mentioned in any compositions earlker to RamayanaBut Devaki Putra is mentioned inRigveda.	
Why is there no importance given or description of Bhanumati Duryodhanas wife anywhere in the Mahabharat	Veda Vyasa did not even mention the name “ Bhanumati”Nowhere we see her description exceptIn Stri Parva.Gandhari says thus on seeing Duryothana’s wife ( not named but referred as Lakshmana’s mother)dRRiShTvA me pArthivasutAmetAM lakShmaNamAtaram |rAjaputrIM mahAbAho mano na vyupashAmyati || 6||ExcerptBehold, O Krishna, the mother of Lakshmana, that lady of large hips, with her tresses dishevelled, that dear spouse of Duryodhana, resembling a sacrificial altar of gold. Without doubt, this damsel of great intelligence, while her mighty-armed lord was formerly alive, used to sport within the embrace of her lord’s handsome arms! Why, indeed, does not this heart of mine break into a hundred fragments at the sight of my son and grandson slain in battle? Alas, that faultless lady now smells (the head of) her son covered with blood. Now, again, that lady of fair thighs is gently rubbing Duryodhana’s body with her fair hand. At one time she is sorrowing for her lord and at another for her son. At one time she looketh on her lord, at another on her son. Behold, O Madhava, striking her head with her hands, she falls upon the breast of her heroic spouse, the king of the Kurus. Possessed of complexion like that of the filaments of the lotus, she still looketh beautiful like a lotus. The unfortunate princess now rubbeth the face of her son and now that of her lord.This was the instance where we get a glimpse of her looks through Ganthari’s spiritual vision.The wife of Duryothana had the complexion of the filament of lotusShe resembles sacrificial altar of goldshe has dishevelled hairShe is faultless in her limbsShe is beautiful like lotusBy the way Karna’s wives also were not mentioned by name. Vrishali,Supriya Urvi…all these are invented by authors of today.Veda Vyasa ‘s war ridden Epic did not have much space for charecters that could not contribute to his story. Specially female charecters ….If they have significant role in taking the story forward,then only Vyasa gave them page space.Bori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Stri Parva Ch.14Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Stri Parv Section 17	Since Mahabharatha itself is star studded with Gods and their Amshas born as warriors ,all characters cant be detailed .It is Directors cut !She is infact like character of Devi Urmila in Ramayan who suffered .( Urmila stayed far from husband Lakshmana while Bhanumathi stayed along side her husband seeing his atrocities ) Bhumathi’s sister was married by Bhimasena.Bhagwan Veda Vyasa ,Narada Rishi says of Her beauty and character before her swayamvara, In Vanavasa Parva Shanti Parva and lastly in Stree Parva (Gandhari)some mentions can be seen about this lady who rejected Duryodhana during her swayamvar, but with his loyal Karna abducted Bhanumati to make his wife	Truly speaking, she was a minor character in the epic. Apart from being a faithful wife to Duryodhana, a good friend of Karna and a mother to Duryodhana’s kids she never did any significant karma to highlight her in the epic. Even when you try to compare her with the likes of Kunti, Draupadi, Vaishali(Karna’s wife), Gandhari, Amba, Devi Ganga, Satyavati, Devi Radha, Devki, Yashoda, etc. there was nothing of significance in her life. She was like the normal citizens of Hastinapur who were in the story but no one knows about them.	There are many characters in mahabharata, where their detail description is not given as it does not affect the flow of story. Bhanumati”s description only comes in Shanti parva of Mahabharata. Similarly Bahlika, uncle of Bhishma is one important character we does not find much description. Duryodhana’s son(s), Pandavas other sons (for example Yudheyu, Yudhishthira’s son, and Sarvaga, Bheem’s son) description is also not given.	
With more emerging proof that the Indian Epics are real finding Dwarka discovering the bridge Hanuman built in the Ramayana why is it still considered by the West and many Indians to be mythology and not history	Here are a few reasons for this:Many of the habits and daily routines followed by westerners/several Indians are actually prohibited by Sanatana dharma. So if they accept that it is not mythology and in fact the truth, their mind cannot tolerate the fact that things they have been doing till then were actually not supposed to be done and they need to get rid of those routines. Hence, they keep telling themselves that these are mythologies and cannot be true. This is the main reason.Many people who call themselves Hindus in fact do not know the actual scriptures and it is because of them that the uncertainties related to the facts of Sanatana dharma are increasing. What they do is that they try to twist the facts from Hinduism so that they can be explained from modern point of view..which they are not supposed to do. For example, there were many Astras described in Puranas. Now what these people do is that they pick some very powerful modern day missile, and say that it was one of the Astras used in Ramayana/Mahabharata. NO, IT WAS NOT. When people say these things, they really sound very dumb. Astras do not have a physical form by themselves. Another example of these twisting of facts is in the case of timeline. Ramayan happened in Treta Yuga and after that, Dwapara Yuga, of duration 8,64,000 years, was completed and now we are in Kali Yuga. People calculated the possible dates on which Lord Rama might have been born and came up with some possible days. One of them matches with the Yugas' timeline and falls somewhere around 125-1.75 million years ago. Another one among them falls around 9000 years ago. Now these people, who don't know the actual Puranas and in an attempt to prove something they want to, say that it took place 9000 years ago because the claims of modern Anthropological studies, which are yet to discover many things, do not agree with such a lifestyle millions of years ago. So they try to mix the Puranas and modern studies till date, ultimately twisting the facts and causing confusion.Many of the things described in Puranas happened several, several years ago. For example, when Ramayan took place, the continents most probably would not have been like how they are today. So, although RamaSethu is there and evidences related to Ramayan were found in SriLanka, the distance between India's southern tip and SriLanka right now doesn't match with what was mentioned in Ramayan(100 Yojanas = ~800 miles). This might be because of the continental drifts happening over several years after Ramayan.Many people who say they are Hindus themselves do not actually believe that it is history. They never try to learn the Puranas and just are afraid of the concept of God. We, Indians, cannot appreciate the value of our ancient things until they are retaught to us by Westerners :)And finally, this is Kali Yuga and it will be like this. It is not as easy as it seems to find the truth. When we believe something so firmly in our mind and are not ready to change our view, we do not agree with the facts and try to twist/modify them to agree with what we think.Thanks.	Rocks floating together are not exactly a bridge. Besides even if we take evidence at face value - how does that guarantee that events took place exactly as described in these epics. How do we tell how much of it is poet’s imagination and how much is history? And both Ramayana and Mahabharata it is well known suffer from interpolations (Tradition itself says Mahabharata originally written by Vyasa had about 8800 verses grew to 24,000 when Shuka narrated the epic to Parikshit and since then it has bludgeoned to about a lakh verses) - additions made in the text in such a way that we cannot tell who wrote them and which parts originally belonged to the author. The same problem arises in the case of Homer’s Illiad; though Troy was discovered in the beginning of the 20th Century it is still not certain that Homer’s narrative is history or poet’s embellishment of historical events. So there is no bias against Indians here in the mind of Western Historians - we are anyways prone to create imaginary enemies. Besides many Indian historians and their Western counterparts take events described in Ramayana and Mahabharata to have historical basis but not exactly as described. One of the earliest attempts to retrieve some history from Mahabharata was made not by a Western Historian but by Bankim Chandra Chatterjee in the 19th Century in his book Krishna Charitra:Buy Krishna Charitra Book Online at Low Prices in India	First thing to understand is that the bridge was built by Lord Rama in Ramayana and not Hanuman and the bridge is still there. The rascal commentators say that the pastimes of Lord Rama mentioned so nicely in the Ramayana of Valmiki are nothing but mythology. They say that Lord Rama did not build a stone bridge across the Indian ocean from India to Sri Lanka. But yet we see the factual remnants of that bridge even now existing built thousands of years ago. Those who are envious of the Supreme Lord will never accept the existence of His inconceivable pastimes even if solid scientific evidence is staring them right in the face, because their intelligence is covered by their envy. NASA satellite photographs do indicate a Bridge, which appears not to be natural.	While it is undisputed that various additions and alterations are made to the Indian Epics like Ramayana, Mahabharata and GITA, the core content remains intact.For information, it was not Hanuman who engineered the Marine Bridge. It was Neela who was a Vishwakarma. Porous rocks do float on the sea, and there are similar floating rocks in various oceans. This porosity of rocks are caused by either volcanic Ash solidifying in to a rock or marine life causing porosity by eating into them.Forget evertything, NASA satellite photographs do indicate a Bridge, which appears not to be natural. Instead of cribbing, why not take Marine archaelogical expeditions into these formations ?But our sectarian vote Banks do not allow research to be conducted, be it Ram Sethu or Saraswati river Bed. Several proposals from Marine arachelogists have been shot down by various govts. I rememeber when Pro. Murli Manohar Joshi, who is a Physicist, proposed Saraswati River Research project, it was vociferously objected as being communal !!!Pray, from when did Water resources become communal ? If there is a subterranean river flowing under Rajasthan, it will be a boon to the residents of Thar Desert and think how much we can grow and how much energy we can produce.Instead of criticising, let us focus on researchI deprecate attempts to call all sayings of our ancestors as concoctions, without verification or validation.Science is a process of verification and validation.It is unscientific to reject anything without verification and validation.DDT, anti-Biotics like Pencillin were hailed as great Scientific discoveries or inventions. Looking back after 50 years, they sound hollowTake Indigo dye for example, In order to imitate the dye, Indigo tin dyes were invented by Germans, which all have now been found to be posionousThalamide Babies are everywhere as a proof for the great scientific discoveries.Toothpastes containing Hexa methyl chlorides were hailed as great inventions, which caused more poison. Today after Patanjali, everyone, including Colgate is hailing the virtues of LavangIndia, which was known for research including 0 which today forms the very foundation of Digital Language, and Astro Physics, is today devoid of Research and Scientific MindLet us not reject anything, before verification and validation. First carry out Marine Archaelogy to determine, whether this Land connection is natural formation or Man made.	Simple. West dwellers also have their own myths, philosophical postulates about things and life . But the Advent of science, engineering reduced their interest in myths . This is bound to happen in any community.how many of our young and energing generations will give any bhav to puranas and itihasaas ? That liking will sure dwindle with the ex greater ease if life, AI ,robots ..progeny bring produced in factory. Etc the presumptions in Alfin toddlers future shock are coming true and there is no shock…in fact the modern thinking wants change only.. variety being the spice and sweetness	Three reasons:IgnoranceArrogance.Selfish Motive.Most Indians, and Many Westerners who have an open mind, are humble and are a seeker, they find Hinduism true and useful.	
Was it fair for Gandhari to suffer so much under Krishnas war role Was it moral Was it worth it	Yes, of course. She deserved it because of the upbringing she gave to her sons.	
If Sahadev of Mahabharata knew the future and was so wise why didnt he know about Karna being his brother	Friend…Sahadev has the power to know what he want to know. In other words, he will come to know the present and future of things happen / going to happen, only when he think on those lines. He won't come to know what he is not interested/ intended to know. He did not think of Karna on these lines and so he didn't come to know of him fully. Had he thought of him, he would come to know of him and then … Mahabharat war would not have happened..	Sahdev can detect coming danger only now, not the faraway future or past. He didn't know about karna but he knows his mother kunti's reaction when she saw karna everytime.	
Which essence of Hinduism contained Ramayana or Mahabharata	Ramayana and Mahabharata teach us, when Brothers fight, outsiders take advantage, andcalamity descends upon themIn Ramayana, Vali is the mightiest, He conquers every one. He was capable of defeating even Ravana. But because his brother deserts him and joins an outsider to kill his brother, he suffers destructionRavana is the mightiest. He even defeats Indra in Amaravati. But because his brother , becomes desirous of the Kingdom and joins an outsider Rama, he faces destructionIn Mahabharata, when Kauravas and Pandavas differ about their share, an outsider Krishna, takes advantage, and brings destruction upon themNever let an outsider come between brothers is the Moral of these two storiesWhen Hindus and Muslims differed, an outsider British, took advantage, and split the country, and made two permanent enemies of the two brothers.Remember Prithviraj and JayachandMoghus put up one brother against the other in RajputanaSame thing happened in Chyprus, In Indonesia, In Syria, In Old Aztec Empire, and each of the African countries like CongosThere are lessons throughout pour History, repeatedly telling us the moral. But even today, among farmers, two sons start fighting and divide the land, which becomes fragmented and unviable and both of them commit suicide, because they have taken a loan from an outsider. The Money lender takes away the landWe did not learn from Ramayana and Mahabharata	
Why are many Hindu brothers scared of or are avoiding the spiritual interpretations of Ramayana and Mahabharata and happy with temporal	I am sorry to disappoint you. There have been many different interpretations of Ramayana and the characters therein. I suggest you acquaint yourself with them.There have been a number of writers/thinkers who do not consider Rama as an epitome of Ideal Human being or as an Avatar. But the marketing of ?rama and Krishna, by Harikatha, Theatre, dances and paintings/sculptures over the previous thousand years , has been so intense, the general laity believes in them. Just like Lux Toilet soap.Hinduism is the only religion in ehich people have the right to differ and start their own thought lines.	You are cent percent right.The Hindu brothers are scared of the avoiding spiritual interpretations of Ramayana and Mahabharata is due to its implementation.In Ramayana, one has to follow the dharmic principles and abide by the words of parents, Guru, speaking truth etc., which in the current age is difficult to implement. “Ramo Satyadharma “. Rama is the Truth and Truth is Rama. Now, a days how many people can implement it.In Mahabharat, Lord Krishna cleared the doubts of Arjuna as an instrument for the sake of human kind. How Many people are practicing them in real life?. Because, we read Bhagavad Gita, Ramayana for material benefits and not to reach the goal for which it was written.We celebrate Krishnashtami, Sri Rama Navami but will not practice what it said.	It is not metaphorical alone or temporal alone in the case of the ITihAsas of RAmAyaNa and mahAbhAraTa. It is both in a beautiful proportion. That’s why they should not be studied without initial guidance from experts.	
Durga Maa is incarnated as Subadhra sister of Sri Krishna wife of Arjun Why did Krishna ask Arjuna to pray to her before the war	Supreme Lord Kṛṣṇa has two illusionery energies. They are both called Maya.One is Maha-maya, Durga devi. She is the goddess who governs the material worlds. Primarily she make jiva forget about there spiritual relation with Supreme God.Another one is Yoga-maya, Subhadra devi and She governs the spiritual worlds. She reminds Jiva with there spiritual relation with Krsna & make then forget supremacy of God, Krsna.Together they both form the female aspects of Gods illusory energy. Both are different personalities, addressed as sisters of Krsna.Detailed explanation:Jīva is a spiritual atomic part of Kṛṣṇa. When he forgets his service of Kṛṣṇa he is at once deflected by the attracting power of Māyā in this world, who throws him into the whirlpool of mundane fruitive activity (karma) by confining him in a gross body. Durgā devi is possessed of durga, which means a prison house. When jīvas doesn't won't serve but won't to take position of master they are confined in the mundane prison house, the citadel of Durgā. The wheel of karma is the instrument of punishment at this place. The work of purifying these penalized jīvas is the duty devolved upon Durgā. She is incessantly engaged in discharging the same by the will of Kṛṣṇa. When, luckily. the forgetfulness of Kṛṣṇa on the part of imprisoned jīvas is remarked by them by coming in contact with self-realized souls and their natural aptitude for the loving service of Kṛṣṇa is aroused, Durgā herself then becomes the agency of their deliverance. So it behooves everybody to obtain the guileless grace of Durgā, the mistress of this prison house, by propitiating her with the selfless service of Kṛṣṇa. General boons received from Durgā are in the shape of health, wealth, prosperity, marriage and children. Though, Arjun was told to pray to Durga devi for victory in War against Kaurva’s.When Jiva realises that his true identity is of a servent of Supreme Lord Krsna then Devi Yogmaya, Subhadra devi make pure devotees forget that Krsna is Supreme Personality of Godhead just for the sake of mellow. For example mother Yashoda under Yogmaya illusion was always in anxiety to protect & care of Krsna. If she would have known that Krsna is Supreme Lord then she wont had breast feed him or run after him with a stick. This way Yogmaya devi serves Supreme & provide bliss to devotees.Thank you.	Let us understand couple of things as below and then come to question,Lord Krishna was a Human with one head, two hands, two legs, one nose etc would say there is no much difference between him, you or any body born in this earth have incarnated in the Human form. We all son and daughter of the Ishwara or Brahman thats why The Hindu worship every being and see Paratama in it.Couple of things as below which said about him,Lord Krishna and whole his families and relative shifted to Dwarka from Mathura because some said Jarasandha attacked many times to Mathura and He is same Lord who is giving Gayana to Arjuana to fight however he did not fight because of bloodshed.Lord Krishna had not one , two, three…16108 wives some one justifying that he had only 108 wives however 16000 he got from Narkashura and they have pledge so got married. For your information Narkashura was son of Lord Vishnu and later he Killed by Lord Krishna and his sons.He himself involved and helped Arjuna abducting Subadhra .Lord Krishna involved for himself and his sons for fighting for so many womans.Lord Krishna had not one son or daughter..but it goes list around ~161080 however some people explaining this and that but no clarity.His abode Dwarka and his whole families submerged in the Ocean hence he could not save.Arjuana could not save Lord Krishna’s wives and he could not lift his Gandiya Dhanush.So these are limitations of any human being, involve in the lust, desire, greed, sex etc however some people are doing business in the name of the GOD hence they creating all mythological story so that you can believe him as a GOD so that they can continue their business in the Name of GOD.There are many cult involved in the Rape, harassment, sexual abuse Brainwashing people in the name of the Krishna and that precaution needs to be taken.Now coming to question Durga Maa is incarnated as Subadhra (sister of Sri Krishna/wife of Arjun). Why did Krishna ask Arjuna to pray to her before the war?.As said earlier we all are sons and daughters of the Brahaman(The Shiva) and Durga Maa is Adishakti hence symbolize the Power.Arjuna prayed to Goddess Durga(Adishakti) on the advice of Lord Krishna, before commencement of the war on the tenth day.The war strategy made on completion of the 9th day of the war, was aimed at attacking Bhishma, paving the way, for his permanent exit from the battlefield on day 10th of the war without killing him, since he had the boon of dying as per his choice.Arjuna was about to face the most difficult and crucial battle against Bhishma.Arjuna never had a correct assessment of himself. Either he was overconfident, or lacked in confidence. The later is visible when at the drop of a woe he would promise to commit suicide or some such thing, or feel over-dejected when he would make an arrogant promise and then fail to keep the same. Pity was another flaw his displayed at the battlefield. Even after the knowledge imparted by Krishna, he hesitated in killing his own Gurus. Convention, lack of confidence, over-confidence, useless pity were the main chinks of Arjuna’s personality. His biggest positive however was his instinctive love for Krishna. Krishna Knew all this, so before the final preparation of war Lord Krishna advised Arjuna to Worship goddess durga.	It has already been explained in this forum by various experts, that the different aspects of same Almighty alone are metaphorically particularized as deities with appropriate names. This is done to enhance the focus of the less knowledgeable, to concentrate before actually engaging in their respective professional duties, so that the probability of success rate is enhanced.It will be incorrect to assume the deities are of different forms like that of ours.	
Did Vidur advise to kill Duryodhana as a kid	Yes..Vidura advised Dhritarashtra to abandon Duryodhana as soon as he was born.When Duryodhana was born, he began to cry and bray like an ass. And hearing that sound, the asses, vultures, jackals and crows uttered their respective cries responsively.Violent winds began to blow, and there were fires in various directions.ExcerptThen king Dhritarashtra in great fear, summoned Bhishma and Vidura and other well-wishers and all the Kurus, and numberless Brahmanas, addressed them and said, 'The oldest of those princes, Yudhishthira, is the perpetuator of our line. By virtue of his birth he hath acquired the kingdom. We have nothing to say to this. But shall this my son born after him become king? Tell me truly what is lawful and right under these circumstances.'So this was how Dhritarashtra questioned about the chances of his son to rule the kingdom.He was not concerned about the evil omens rather he was worried about his son’s prospects as a king.As soon as these words were spoken,jackals and other carnivorous animals began to howl ominouslyAnd marking those frightful omens all around, the assembled Brahmanas and the wise Vidura said.Vidura’s adviseExcerpt'O king, O bull among men, when these frightful omens are noticeable at the birth of thy eldest son, it is evident that he shall be the exterminator of thy race. The prosperity of all dependeth on his abandonment. Calamity there must be in keeping him. O king, if thou abandonest him, there remain yet thy nine and ninety sons. If thou desirest the good of thy race, abandon him, O Bharata! O king, do good to the world and thy own race by casting off this one child of thine. It hath been said that an individual should be cast off for the sake of the family; that a family should be cast off for the sake of a village; that a village may be abandoned for the sake of the whole country; and that the earth itself may be abandoned for the sake of the soul.'Vidura saidThese evil omens indicate that your son will destroy the whole Kuru clan.Prosperity of Kurus depend upon his abandonment.If you leave him,still you will have ninety nine sons with you.O King do favour the race by abandoning this son.tyajedekaM kulasyArthe grAmasyArthe kulaM tyajet |grAmaM janapadasyArthe AtmArthe pRRithivIM tyajet || 32|| 107An individual should be abandoned for the benefit of the family.A family should be abandoned for the sake of a villageA village should be abandoned for the sake of the countryThe Earth should be abandoned for the sake of the soul.Clearly Vidura advised Dhritarashtra to abandon Duryodhana whose birth was inauspicious and thus result in doom for Kuru clan.When Vidura and those Brahmanas had stated so, king Dhritarashtra out of affection for his son had not inclined to follow that advice.Ofcourse we can understand Dhritarashtra’s predicament since he got a son after a long wait.At the same time we can not blame Vidura because he looked at the larger picture and tried to save Kuru clan.In Udyoga Parva we see Bhishma tell Dhritarashtra the same words as said by Vidura.When Duryothana was unwilling to offer atleast five villages and disregard Krishna Bhishma said.ExcerptFor the sake of a family, an individual may be sacrificed. For a village, a family may be sacrificed. For the sake of a province, a village may be sacrificed. And lastly, for the sake of one's self, the whole earth may be sacrificed. O monarch, binding Duryodhana fast, make peace with the Pandavas. O bull among Kshatriyas, let not the whole Kshatriya race be slaughtered on thy account.'"Bhishma also suggested abandonment of individual for the welfare of the family and the clan.He told Dhritarashtra to bind Duryothana and proceed with peace proposal .Foot notesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Adi Parv ch.107Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parv CXVUdyoga Parva CXXVIII	NEVER…Vidur was one of the most sensible, cool-headed persons in the epic.Though he morally sided with the Pandavas from Day 1, he had the good sense of not bringing in blood-shed between the brothers.The culprit in this respect was Dhritarashtra’s minister - Kanika, who planted the seed into Duryodhana’s head of poisoning Bheem.That seed was mixed with jealousy & vanity because Bheem was a more powerful & skilled fighter than any of his brothers (except, perhaps himself), made Duryodhana hatch the evil plan of poisoning the 2nd Pandava, after inviting the later to a feast !!!It was a heinous crime & an utter cowardly one too. It shamed Duryodhana, in front of his own brothers as well…The result was the beginning of the end of the mighty Hastinapur empire, which nobody could stop !!	Sering the ill omens after the birth of Duryodhan and the boy would be the cause of destruction of the race, Wise Visit advise Dhritarashtra to abandon him. But Dhritarashtra was so eager to know whether Duryodhan would be the claimant of the Hastinapur throne after Yudhishthir and was so blind for his ambition that he did not pay any heed to Vidiur's advice.	He advised to dump or leave the baby in jungles , Duryodhana when born cried like braying donkey , his birth indicated destruction . But being first born to Gandhari and Dhritirashtra , they loved him .	
Why is that the Parvs in Mahabharat were named after Kauravas warriors like Bhishma Drona and Karn but not after Arjuna Bhim or Krishna	I know this question was earlier raised by some who think that Arjuna , Bhim were not relevant as such. But this is flawed argument as Mahabharat has virat parva, keechak vadh parva, Jayadrath vadh parva, Gatotkach vadh parva and even such others parvas for many irrelevant people too.The naming of Parvas is actually not about who is greater warrior but suitable to narration of story. In a way Entire Mahabharat is named after Arjuna as it other name is Jaya which is also name of Arjuna and the Mahabharat begins with salutations of krishna and Arjuna. So there was no necessity to name Parva after Krishna and Arjuna as the book was already named after them. In essence the book is a poem dedicated to krishna and his dear friend Arjuna or we can say how Narayana directed or guided Nara to achieve task of Dharma.Bhishma, Drona, Karna and Shalya all get parva named after them as they were generals who fell. The story narration tells how they commanded and fell. Arjuna, Bhima remained alive so there was no Parva for them as such. Abhimanyu, Gatotkach, Jayadrath also died and had sub sections named after them.It is just naming of Parva as per discretion of narrator to suit flow of story.	Mahabharata was written by Vyas who was the grandfather of both Kouravas and Pandavas.The war parvas was narrated to Kuru King Dritarastra by his charioteer cum most trusted person Sanjay.Sanjaya was loyal to Kurus, kuru king. Like a loyal adviser, he was present in Kurushetra war and continued to advise Karna and Durhyodhana to use Shakti against Arjuna or Krishna.He used to go back to King Dritarastra after fall of each commander to narrate what happened.While narrating he never used to shy away from criticizing the decisions which he thought was evil - against the interest of Kuru family, tribe or kingdom or its people.Viashamapayana, one of the pupil of Vyas again narrated the story to great grandson of Arjuna - Janmejeya, the Kuru King.Mahabharata doesn’t technically judge who is absolutely evil or good, who is war monger or who is saints, who is morally correct or whose actions were immoral.The entire parameter of adharma and dharma is based on one perspective - Kurus.Who fought for kurus, whose actions were beneficial for kurus, which people were beneficial for kurus - Kuru family, Kuru Kingdom and it’s people.So you get war parvas named after kuru commander - Bhisma, Drona, Karna and Shalya.Technically as per Vyas and most of the characters of Mahabharata like Bhisma, Drona, Vidura, Aswathamma, Balhika, Somadatta, Vikarna, Yuyustsu - the sons of Pandu were also kurus.They were part of kurus. So no matter what there shouldn’t be a fight between two clans and both should stay together - that was beneficial for Kurus.Any thing against Pandavas were also supposed to be considered as anti-kuru activity.The benefit / prosperity of Kurus - family or kingdom lies in the unity of the two clans.Where as Duryodhana was against the unity.No matter what he was unwilling to share power with Pandavas. He was constantly conspiring against them.House of lac, dice game conspiracy to discarding Krishna’s peace initiative - he constantly fights against them. He makes friends outside and then draws the entire energy to fight inside.He didn’t listened any one - nor his relatives, mother Gandhari, Krishna or sages or any one who suggests him to seek peace with Pandavas.He ignored Shakuni as well when he advised him to seek friendship with Pandavas.This behavior is completely against the interest of Kurus.Think any Indian citizen - however morally good or ethically correct, will be tagged as anti-national if he promotes disunity among polity which could be destructive for nation.Dritarastra, Duryodhana and his friends were technically behaved like anti-national for their personal self-interest - the anti-nationals of Kurus.	Here is the right answer!!which can generally be understood that why the Parvas are named after the Bhisma, Drona and Karna!!1). &which was given by Karna, that,'O Kesava, let this swelling host of Kshatriyas perish by means of weapons on that most sacred of all spots in the three worlds, viz. Kurukshetra, .I pray to thee, O bull of the Kshatriya race, let not the Kshatriyas, old in learning and old in years, perish miserably, O Janardana, for thy sake.2). Other reason for their names is their glorification, even in Gita , twice,And into You (enter) all those sons of Dhrtarastra along with multitudes of the rulers of the earth; (also) Bhisma, Drona and Karna, together with even our prominent warriors. — 11.26They rapidly enter into Your terrible mouths with cruel teeths! Some are seen sticking in the gaps between the teeth, with their heads crushed! — 11.27And, Lord Krishna replied to Arjuna, via glorifying their names that,You destroy Drona, Bhisma, Karna as well as the other warriors who have been killed by Me even earlier; by making merely you an instrument. — 11.33So, now, one can easily understand that why Drona, Bhisma, & Karna have Parvas named in Mahabharata,while Arjuna, Bhima,Yuddhistra, Nakul & Sahadeva have not.Because Kurukshetra, is the most sacred of all spots in the three worlds,,This is the sacred and holy place for the Kshatriyas clan.Kshatriyas love to play holi of blood here. . .They enjoy here. . .They dance here . .Because there’s no other place holier, other than Kurukshetra, in this worldfor to be died in battle. . .	Thanks for A2A.The name of the Parvas in Mahabharata didn't depend upon the warriors but the incidents.In the Bhishma Parva, the war took place for 10 days under the commander of Kauravas, Bhishma. He was defeated on the 10th day which ended that Parva.The same thing goes on with the other Parvas.It's not that Arjuna and Bheema were not as great as Bhisma, Drona, etc. and so the parvas weren't named after them. Actually nothing much happened with them, so their names were not in the names of the parvas. But, the commanders of the Kauravas army were defeated and died, so they were named in the Parvas.There are also some sub-parvas , like , Ghatotkach badh, Jayadratha badh, etc.And, the name of Mahabharata was previously Jaya, which was the name of Arjuna. Mahabharata mainly glorifies Arjuna and Krishna or Nar and Narayan. So, any other parvas need not contain their names.	A light which is to be put out will flame full steam before dying out .Bhishma Drona Karna all got Killed and the Other 3 remained alive for so long and out of that killed Bhishma was the one who put up a fight for 10 daysDrona did it for 5 days , (Besides this both were also known as Bhishma Acharya and Drona Acharya and there is also Bhishma ashtami in reverence )and the last one “immortal” “un defeatable” in Quora tried for doing 2 daysSince the Author Maharishi Veda Vyas Bhagawan is not selective to anyone except Dharma He had it titled appropriately. So it is tribute to fallen Warriors, since both warring sides were his own .In orthodox Hindu household there is a practice whenever Thunder is heard cracking the elders advice the children to Chant Arjuna, Falguna Partha and so on (10 names of Arjuna ) So the last three names are used in useful situations.	There are 18 parvs in Mahabharat in a chronological order. Kurukshetra war is one important aspect which is considered as war between dharma and adharma.Bheeshma parva starts with Bhagavad-Gita and ends with the fall of Bheeshma. This is followed by Drona parv as he is the next cic of Kauravas. After the fall of Dronacharya, Karna has become the CIC. Each and every one of them played a major part in the war and these parvs are dedicated to them as a matter of respect.	
While his time on Earth did Balarama remember that he was Sheshnag	When sheshnaag took his birth he knew who he was. But after taking birth he forgets himself sometimes only. lord Krishna use to remind lord balaraama his real nature. Once so happened that when jarasand attacks madhura after killing kamsa lord Krishna says to balaraama that we both incarnated to kill the demons so let's fight. But Krishna every time when jarasand attacked use to leave jarasand alone and kill entire army of his so that jarasand will bring all demons in the form of jarasands army. 18th time when jarasand attacks madhura, Krishna calls vishwakarma and orders vishwakarma to build dwarka in the space created by srikrishna in middle of the ocean and shifts all the people of madhura to dwaraka and make the people feel that they are living there since long time. Jarasand finally was killed by bheem.	
Why is Subadhra Lord Krishna s sister not recognized enough as she is Durga maa	It depends on the narrator’s perspective. Every story teller has a person of interest in mind and the story revolves around them. It also depends on whose story they want to tell. We’ve all grown up listening to /reading the black and white version of Mahabharata, i.e. Pandavas are good and Kauravas are bad. Both the parties exhibited shades of grey. Only a few authors have covered that. Among women, Draupadi is spoken about the most because of obvious reasons followed by Kunti and Ghandhari.Subhadra, an incarnation of Durga becomes an important character only after she elopes with Arjuna and marries him. Not much is known about her except that she was Abhimanyu’s mother, was present at the war and after. I’m not sure if much was written about her in the ancient scriptures. Hence we donot know her entire story.Correct me if I’m wrong. I would love to read about her too.	
How much is known about the historical origins of Hindu texts Are they based on real people and events that became thought of as divine over time or are they meant as purely as allegory	I am an atheist, but I was friends with a monk of the Ramakrishna Mission. I asked him this question long back when the Mahabharata serial was being aired. My specific query was how Krishna suggested breaking the rules - cheating - in order to kill Duryodhana and Dushasana.He replied Mahabharata is an allegory. It describes the battle between 5 good thoughts and a 100 evil ones that takes place in our mind that is Kurukshetra. And that each person is the Krishna.Duryodhana signified envy, jealousy. If this thought overwhelms your mind, and you cannot control it, it would be better to numb it with “dhatura” or opium.	
During his time on Earth did Balarama remember that he was a Sheshnag	This will be very difficult to explain since this question is related to the working of Lord’s saktis or energies. I will try to present it logically though the subject is transcendental to our futile brain matter. Since we are trying to understand the chemistry of the divine where there is no deterioration of time, no miseries and no illusion.Here, it should be understood that Bhagavan has two types of maya-sakti (Out of innumerable energies of lord one is maya-sakti): yogamaya (internal) and mahamaya (external).Yogamaya is His internal potency, the svarupa-sakti, which is expert in making the impossible possible.Yogamaya arranges yoga, the enactment of the pastimes of Bhagavan, who is omniscient (sarva-jna) and omnipotent (sarva-saktiman).Yogamaya does this by putting Him and His eternal associates in transcendental illusion.She also arranges for the jivas who are perfect by dint of their devoted practice of sadhana-bhakti to be united (yoga) with Bhagavan. For this reason, this potency is called yogamaya.To understand the working of divine energies of the lord is incomprehensible to the futile brain made of matter without any divinity factor. Therefore sastras, guru and sadhus play a very important role, of making us understand the transcendental science in the purview of modern science.External potency, mahamaya is the shadow of this yogamaya.Mahamaya bewitches those jivas who are averse to Bhagavan and binds them by the results of their various activities. A cloud cannot cover the sun; rather, it is only the eyes of the living entities situated on the Earth that are covered and deprived of seeing the sun.Similarly, mahamaya cannot cover Bhagavan but can only cover the knowledge of the living entities and thus prevent them from seeing Him.So, Lord Balarama was completely cognizant of himself being sesha and the situations in the past, present and future being the expansion of Krsna. He appeared to be in-cognizant in his pastimes (lila) because of the covering of the yogamaya so that he can experience the rasa in the pastime he is enacting.For more info go thru following:Srimad Bhagavatam 1.11.39Srimad Bhagavad Gita 7.14Srimad Bhagavad Gita 7.15Srimad Bhagavad Gita 7.25	
Who would be a better warrior between Bhishma and Karna without the curse and with the Kavach	Bhishma isa Vasu reincarnateTrained by many Gurus, including ParasuramaA conditional immortalWith the ability to resist astras like SanmohanaHas a weapon that can put the enemy unconscious that has no defense(Praswapa)GangaputraWith a huge brahma energy due to his vow of celibacyand so on. He was the best defense against invaders for Hastinapura, for decades.Karna isSurya PutraTrained by 3 GurusBorn with Kavach made of divine nectar that is known to revive even the near dead beings as well as known for it's healing factorsOne of the best warriors of that eraSince Karna has his Kavach, it should mean he did not have Sakthi astra. The infallible weapon. But Karna’s quiver is rich even without that.If the two of them face off, Bhishma is the one who will win. Karna can neither kill nor put Bhishma unconscious. So, Karna has to fight indefinitely. Whereas, Bhishma can simply use Praswapa any time of the battle and take Karna as a prisoner. Kavach can defend Karna from injury or heal him from injuries. But it is useless against Praswapa or Sanmohana.Bhishma, the guardian of Hastinapura for at least a century, a battle hardened veteran, will be the winner.	
Who was the better warrior between Yudhishthira and Karna	Karna was a better warrior than yudhisthir beyond doubt and by a huge margin. Yudhisthir has only one great moment against him when as per Gita press he makes him unconscious and leaves him as he did not believe in killing a warrior in that condition. Karna then recovered his senses and attacked yudhisthir with more Anger and he was defeated. However, as promised to kunti he did not kill him.On power scale karna ranks much higher than Yudhisthir but even being not so good warrior and heart of a brahmin at times he showed bravado which matched Karna in terms of valor.As a warrior on battlefield I even doubt we should be even asking this question. Yudhisthir has no major feat to his name other than almost killing Duryodhana, killing shalya , making karna unconscious for a while and once he frustrated Drona and made him retreat. Otherwise Yudhisthir was just Ok type warriors.Karna was more battle hardened then Yudhisthir and had a better arsenal. Yudhisthir so well versed in making Vyuha and fighting with chariots never had a warrior attitude. He was more of a brahmin.	Both of them were very good authors but it is generally believed that karna was the best . Indeed he was the best Archer but he chose the wrong path . His intentions were right but his path was wrong . Read this article to get it all clear..Once Arjuna and Krishna had a debate as to who is a more righteous king – Karna or Yudhisthira?Arjuna said that Yudhisthira is more righteous but Krishna explained that such is not the case. Just because Karna is siding with Duryodhana doesn’t mean he is any less righteous than Yudhisthira. He has his personal limitations but this has nothing to do with his righteousness as a king.Krishna then decides to test the merit of the two subjects and disguises himself and Arjuna as Brahmins.First they visit Yudhisthira and ask him to donate some dry sandalwood which they need for “Yagna”. Yudhisthira sends a servant and requests the two Brahmins to wait until the servants come back with dry sandalwood. The servant returns but since it was raining heavily, he could not collect dry sandalwood from the forest.Yudhisthira explains the situation to the two Brahmins and begs an apology. He promises the two Brahmins to give them dry sandalwood as soon as it stops raining.The two Brahmins then visit Karna and ask for dry sandalwood. The servant comes back with the same result, stating that there is no dry sandalwood available since it is raining heavily. Karna asks the guests to wait for some time and comes back with some dry sandalwood.On asking how did he obtain dry sandalwood, Karna explains that he had chopped down the pillars and furniture of his room, which was made up of Sandalwood.Krishna then explains to ArjunaParth, did you notice the differences? Yudhisthira does something because it is written in the book of Dharma. Karna does something because he likes to do it. Yudhisthira’s definition of Dharma and righteousness is limited to his learnings. Karna’s definition of Dharma and righteousness is not limited to just learnings but he is genuinely interested in helping people who come to him for help. This shows the character of a person. I am not demeaning Yudhisthira but Karna has a far more powerful character compared to Yudhisthira and he is the one who is a greater king.Source :Who is a Greater King - Karna or Yudhisthira?	
Are Yoga Maya and Durga Maa the same	Supreme Lord Kṛṣṇa has two illusionery energies. They are both called Maya.One is Maha-maya, Durga devi. She is the goddess who governs the material worlds. Primarily she make jiva forget about there spiritual relation with Supreme God.Another one is Yoga-maya, Subhadra devi and She governs the spiritual worlds. She reminds Jiva with there spiritual relation with Krsna & make then forget supremacy of God, Krsna.Together they both form the female aspects of Gods illusory energy. Both are different personalities, addressed as sisters of Krsna.Detailed explanation:Jīva is a spiritual atomic part of Kṛṣṇa. When he forgets his service of Kṛṣṇa he is at once deflected by the attracting power of Māyā in this world, who throws him into the whirlpool of mundane fruitive activity (karma) by confining him in a gross body. Durgā devi is administrator of durg, which means a prison house. When jīvas doesn't won’t to serve but won't to take position of master they are confined in the mundane prison house, the citadel of Durgā. The wheel of karma is the instrument of punishment at this place. The work of purifying these penalized jīvas is the duty devolved upon Durgā. She is incessantly engaged in discharging the same by the will of Kṛṣṇa. When, luckily. the forgetfulness of Kṛṣṇa on the part of imprisoned jīvas is remarked by them by coming in contact with self-realized souls and their natural aptitude for the loving service of Kṛṣṇa is aroused, Durgā herself then becomes the agency of their deliverance. So it behooves everybody to obtain the guileless grace of Durgā, the mistress of this prison house, by propitiating her with the selfless service of Kṛṣṇa. General boons received from Durgā are in the shape of health, wealth, prosperity, marriage and children.When Jiva realises that his true identity is of a servent of Supreme Lord Krsna then Devi Yogmaya, Subhadra devi make pure devotees forget that Krsna is Supreme Personality of Godhead for the sake of mellow. For example, mother Yashoda under Yogmaya illusion was always in anxiety to protect & care of Krsna. If she would have known that Krsna is Supreme Lord then she wont had breast feed him or run after him with a stick. This way Yogmaya devi serves Supreme & provide bliss to devotees.Thank you	
How is it possible for Krishna to have 10 sons and 10 daughters from each of his 16 108 wives	This is completely myth and fictional. lord vishnu take avtar as krishna and goddess laxmi as rukmini.remaining 7 wifes are saptha rishis who are attracted to lord rama and express their wish to marry him despite they all are male.lord rama smiles at them and explain s they are all under some influence called moham.but itsnot possible in this avtar..he can fulfill their wish only in next avtar called krishna.Only God can fulfil devotees wish whatever it may be.thats the love he has on every one. So all the 7 rishis took birth as women and married him.observe carefully.he did not choose any one. All his wifes came on their own .Then these 16000 .they are all gopikas not wifes.when krishna left madhura he is still young boy.all these gopikas are Already married.. having families. but they all love him.so always they remember him..they feed,dance,sing,every thing for him.thats madhura bhakthi.Krishna gave darshan to all of them at a time.he played with them at a time.some writer s took liberty and added their own fiction. thats the great ness of hinduism. you can worship god as you like.you can praise ,question, and if you dont like any existing gods you can create your own.	Anything is Possible for Supreme Lord Sri Krishna. He is known in Scriptures as the Yogeshwar Bhagwan - The master of all the yogic Siddhis and perfections. He is the father of all the sentient beings and also the master and proprietor of everything that is manifested or unmanifestd. Being the Supreme Lord, sole order giver and law maker is capable of anything and everything without any doubt. Scriptures clearly informs us about the potency of Lord and clears all misconceptions of God being incapable of doing anything.As far as Marrying 16,108 wives and having 10 sons and 10 daughters is concerned, it is just small achievement in his infinite capacities. He can bring thousands of trees just from one seed. So expanding Himself into 16108 Personalities for that many no. of wives and having many children is just exhibiting Lord's one of many perfections. Even Human yogis after many years of hard austerities and penances, he can expand himself into 8–10 forms.When we learn Scriptures scrutinizingly, we can understand multifarious phenomenons which are difficult to conceive in present day scenario. Our present Intellectual capacity is very limited to conceive such subtle science.Jai Bhārat!!!!	A person who can create a small fruit of banyan in which thousands of potential banyan tress are stored, can He not have 10 sons and 10 daughters from one wife?What is the concept of God as per your perception?Is He sounds someone like us?I don’t understand what type of doubts I am getting to see these days…So pathetic situation.	
Why made Balarama so angry that he wanted to kill Arjuna	Balarama wanted to marry Subhadra to his student Duryodhana. However Arjuna on the advice of Krishna elopes with Subhadra. This makes Balarama very angry and he goes to kill Arjuna.	
Why does Arjun seem to be the favourite among the Pandavas	I can write some two three books on why exactly but the biggest factor is that he was the most human of the all, the most real, the most relatable character, too even while he was the kind of human we should all aspire to be. Arjuna was not perfect, and his strength was that he very well knew it and he worked tirelessly to iron out his deficiencies. He worked all his life towards his craft- he stuck to his duty without any single complaint tho he ended up losing more than anyone else did, in the process, more often than not. He was the personification of humility and he was ever willing to learn, from anyone. Adaptable, compassionate, hard working, strong willed, sensitive, and above all, human, these are what make Arjune so appealing.The greatest warrior ever born, the lynchpin of the Pandava force, Arjuna could have entertained dreams of power and wealth but he did not. He actively chose to lead a simple life, do his duty without a fuss and simply keep learning all his life to keep his passion for his most beloved archery alive. When everyone else (including Yudi) was getting swept away in emotions during the war, this was the one man who still kept his wits around him and remained balanced. He felt distressed to see soldiers dying, cried when he caused Guru Kripa to faint away when the Guru attacked him post Jayadratha death, directly condemned Yudi’s contribution to Drona’s death to his face, silently absorbed the killing grief of Iravan and Abhi’s death and continued to fight without letting revenge color his mind.	
Why did lord Krishna wait for so long to kill Kans inspite of knowing the fact that his parents are in Prison at Mathura	There is a reason for everything what happens around us, and reasons behind every act of Gods are obviously necessary.When Lord Vishnu took birth on Earth as Krishna from Devaki’s womb, Lord manifested Himself before Vasudev and Devaki. They felt as if a full moon had risen in the east. Vasudev saw that an extraordinarily marvellous baby boy was standing before them. His eyes were as soft as lotus; He had four arms and held a conch, mace, wheel and lotus. He bore Kaustubh Mani in the neck and wore yellow clothes. Valuable ornaments adorned all parts of his body. Thus, seeing God himself arrived as his son, Vasudev was overwhelmed. Devaki too was overjoyed but feared Kansa first. Then she joyfully prayed to God.God said then, "During Swayambhu Manvantar, both of you had worshipped me with a desire of son. Vasudev was a Prajapati Sutapa while you were his wife Prishni. You had worshipped me with pure hearts. Pleased by your penance I had asked you to seek a boon, so you had sought a son like me in virtues. I had arrived then as your son Prishnigarbh. In the next birth you were Kashyap and Aditi and I was Upendra(Vaman avtar). Now, in the third birth also. I have arrived as your son."Some scripts say, Prishni and Sutapa was born as Kaushalya and Dashrath when Lord Ram was born from them.I mentioned this because every incarnations was related to some previous life stories, stories like Devaki-Vasudev’s previous lifes, stories like Yashoda-Nanda’s previous life.Scripts says, in their previous birth, Nandagop was one of the 8 Vasus names Drona and his wife Dhara was born as Yashoda.When the best of the Vasus, named Droṇa, and his wife Dharā were ordered to increase progeny by Lord Brahmā, they said unto him, “Dear father, we are seeking your benediction. When we take birth again within the universe, may the Supreme Lord Kṛṣṇa in His most attractive feature of childhood absorb our whole attention. May our dealings with Him be so powerful that simply by hearing of these childhood activities of His, anyone will very easily cross over the nescience of birth and death.” Lord Brahmā agreed to give them the benediction, and as a result the same Droṇa appeared as Nanda Mahārāja in Vṛndāvana, and the same Dharā appeared as mother Yaśodā, the wife of Nanda Mahārāja.So, it was destined that Vishnu would be born from Aditi’s(Devaki) womb, but would be raised by Dhara(Yashoda) in his Krishna avtaar. It was destined that Krishna would spend his childhood with Drona and Dhara in their mortal form. So, he had to keep his promise and Brahma’s promise as well. He left Vrindaban when he was about to complete his childhood. Also, one can say Kansa’s ‘paap ka ghara’ was not full so he delayed. Again, delay in Kansa death was resulted as death of many demons like Putana, Dhenukasur etc.	
Where is Kunti when Pandavas were ruling Indraprastha and why is she not with them	Kunti was very much with them when Pandavas ruled Indraprastha. Don’t go by Star Bharat version where they show Kunti not able to accompany her sons to Indraprasth. It was false.You can check the fact ..When Arjuna brought Subhadra ,she went to Kunti to take her blessings.sAdhikaM tena rUpeNa shobhamAnA yashasvinI |bhavanaM shreShThamAsAdya vIrapatnI varA~NganA || 18||vavande pRRithutAmrAkShI pRRithAM bhadrA yashasvinI || 18||Excerpt“The celebrated Bhadra of large and slightly red eyes first worshipped Pritha. Kunti from excess of affection smelt the head of that girl of perfectly faultless features, and pronounced infinite blessing upon her”CCXXXIIHere Kunti blessed Arjuna’s bride with great affection…at IndraprasthAfter Khandav dahan Krishna before leaving for Dwarika took the blessings of Kunti.Janardana deserving the worship of all, having lived happily at Khandavaprastha for some time, and having been treated all the while with respectful love and affection by the sons of Pritha, became desirous one day of leaving Khandavaprastha to behold his father. That possessor of large eyes, unto whom was due the obeisance of the universe, then saluted both Yudhishthira and Pritha and made obeisance with his head unto the feet of Kunti, his father's sister. Thus revered by Kesava, Pritha smelt his head and embraced himSo Kunti was there at Indraprasth as long as her sons ruled there. When they reached Hastinapur for Dice game she accompanied them. She stayed there at Vidura’s house when her sons were away for 13 years.After the great battle she stayed with her sons at Hastinapur. When Dhritarashtra leaves for forest she went with them and served them till her last breath.Star Bharat distorted the part and showed that Kunti was forcefully stopped by Dhritarashtra from accompanying her sons,which is wrong.Foot notesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Adi Parv Ch.213Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parv Section CCXXXIISabha Parv Section 2	Kunti is with pandavas when they are ruling indraprastha as her role isn't very important so she was mentioned in some places in mahabharata.	
Can we call the Mahabharata as the Indian version of Game of Thrones	It is like saying, “earth looks like globe.” This has been the problem. Indians are giving too much importance to west. I don't know when we will appreciate the good things we have.I understand, you liked the GOT series, but you need to understand it was Mahabharata which came first.Technically, one should say Game Of Thrones is the American version of Mahabharata, if it is.What I feel is GOT is great for entertainment purpose and has some interesting characters. But there is no character like Lord Krishna, who guides the people to the Dharma (righteousness).So, No. We can't call Mahabharata as Indian version of Game Of Thrones.	NoNeverNever everNever ever ever ………Mahabharat is the Epic based on True stories while GOT ?Mahabharat is the war of Dharma & Adharma while GOT ?Morever Mahabharat had not Vulgarity, Nudity and what many disgusting things GOT has.Mahabharat shows the ideal path of life while GOT ? God knows where it want to head the world.Mahabharat teaches about Rajdharma, Sacrifice, Dedication , determinatuon, Love, Unity, and many good things while GOT shows the desire to have power, lust, Addiction (Alcohol) by hook or crook.A single part of Mahabharat called ‘Shrimadbhagwad Gita' has inspired , showed path to many great persons.It's disgusting to compare Epic(Mahabharat) with Rubbish.	Well I agree what's previously said in another answer maybe GOT is western version of Mahabharata.But I do not go in that, GOT is a great TV show but very loosely written novel, it's basic weakness is it has no base, the story started with white walkers and they are not touched for a very long time. Lannister has been almighty in beginning but has lost their way completely in end.Stark's appears to be highest on morale ground and they are being broken. I guess only Jon snow and bran stark alive in males, sansa has no wolf in it, And Arya has become assassin and has gone wild against creed so have less future.The story keep killing main characters to keep the novel interesting and lots of turn in events. A very bloody political scenario.Now come to Mahabharata, it started with a family of kurus and ended their, never the story varied from them, they are the central focus.Both pandavs and kauravs has tried to go strong and build their strength, no one is weak in Mahabharata all holds their ground until the real fight begins. If it's GOT pandavas must die in lakshagrah, they would not honour the terms of gamble, more like that. But they hold their ground and get stronger.Now Mahabharata has spiritual value, emotional value and most important it remain more or less realistic where being good does not mean he is naive.There are no complex character like bhishma and Karna in Got.So I can only say that only common thing in both of the series is intense politics. But there is difference too, GOT covers only bad politics but Mahabharata covers all sorts.	its disgusting to compare an Epic Mahabharata to GOT. They are way different from each other. :). If you want to really compare, then you can say that GOT is western version of Mahabharata. However, as its western version it will be completely distorted and no way near to the original.	No . Mahabharata came first so you can call “ Game of thrones” English version of“ Mahabharat”	
Did Lord Krishna stop playing the flute after he left Vrindavan	Krishna didnot stop playing flute after he left vrindaavan. But when Radharani passed away krishna broke the flute.	
Is Lord Krishna the reason Hindu s began worshipping cows	While he did play a big part in being a reason people worship Cows in India. I would give all the credits to him.There are God's believed to be before Krishna, who favoured had some major roles- likeNandi (the humble deciple of Shiva) was himself a cow.Yama who rode his buffalo might also have helped push this idea of worshipping something that gives us so much.According to me, people developed cultures and stories to preserve something dear to them. The reason we pray to a Neem tree or a Banyan tree could be as simple as to stop it from being cut.Similarly the worship of animals might have began to save them from being harmed or that's how I see it.	It can be said as in Vedas there is no description of worshipping of cow. Only Vaishnava purana have some description which was written after Shri krishna's life.	Ofcourse not, protection of cow, and punishment to the killers/ eaters of cow is well instated in Rigveda itself.	
How long after Draupadi s assault did Krishna visit the Pandavas	Immediately on Krishna’s return to Dvaraka after the Rajasuya sacrifice, he got busy with fighting Salva, king of Soubha, who unleashed violent attacks on the city, bent on extracting revenge for the death of his brother, Sisupala. Salva was a formidable opponent, who could fight from an aerial vehicle, and cast magic spells on his adversaries. After protracted battle, Krishna killed him with his fearsome discus, thus saving his city and people and vindicating his claim to the splendid title of Vaasudeva. (Incidentally, he also had to subdue and kill a pretender Vaasudeva, the king of Pundra [present-day north Bengal], to consolidate the claim).Krishna returned, having accomplished everything he wanted for himself, his friends, his clan, and his class. But to his consternation, he found Yudhishthira had gambled away the kingdom he had helped to build with such effort. But with characteristic stoicism, he did not reprimand the eldest Pandava. He only said:“Had I been present here, this dice game would never have happened. But now that the dam has been ruptured to let loose the inexorable flood, how can I undo it!” [Vana-parva; 22.43]To the best of my knowledge, the precise time elapsed between the day of Draupadi’s humiliation at the dice hall and the Pandavas’ exile to forest (which happened near the end of Sabha-parva) and Krishna’s rejoining them at the early stages of the Vana-parva is not mentioned in the epic. One does however find Vidura telling Dhritarashtra that he had heard from the Brahmins who visited Yudhishthira that the Pandavas had reached the Kamyaka forest after travelling for three days and three nights from Hastinapura [Vana-parva; 11.3]. Towards the end of the same Vana-parva chapter [11.70], Vidura says that after the demon Kirmira was killed by Bhima close on the heels of the Pandavas’ arrival at Kamyaka, the latter stayed at that place for some days. The very next chapter of Vana-parva details the arrival of Krishna there, though the exact time (day) of arrival is not mentioned. One is thus left to make a reasonably informed speculation that Krishna visited the Pandavas within a week or two after Draupadi’s humiliation.	
Has Shri Krishna ever quoted a shloka telling about the Wheel of Time	KrishNa has said in BhagavaDgITA chapter 11 SlOka 32:“I am Time (kAla), the mighty doer of depreciation, to make the places (worlds) to disappear . Even without your participation, the warriors arrayed in the opposing army shall cease to be present”.	
Karna could defeat Bhishma being a Suryaputra is due to anger on the world including mother and was in opposition do you agree It is only to remain a best friend is it not	No, Karna can't defeat the greatest warriors like Bheeshma. He is not Surya Putra. As per MB of Vyasa he is a demon named Sahasrakavacha after getting his shields from Lord Surya he became a thereat of the world so By the praying of Indra Nar and Narayan destroyed his 999 armors he realized that he will died in the hands of Nar so he run away from the war and took shelter from Sun but got fearful on Nar and Narayan so he send Sahasrakavacha to the womb of Kunti by transferring in the form of a beam. That is the only reason for Kunti left him while he was a just born baby.He can't defeat even Satyaki and Abhimanyu with a normal bow. He need Devine bow Vijay to defeat all of them.He is not a good friend because he always encourages Duryaodhana for evil deeds like robbing the saree of Draupadi,War of Kurukshetra, gives the poison to Bheema, through him into the pond and Duryaodhana'Death because of Karna's ego only.	
Why was Arjuna so emotional yet so cocky at times	A man who never saw defeat in battle had a good reason to be cocky:) Given the name Vijaya owing to the fact that he had never had to retreat in battle, Arjuna had several conquests to his name that would put other warriors to shame. He had practically filled the entire treasury of Indraprastha single handedly (the wealth Dhananjaya brought in filled the treasury 16 times over altho the other 3 brothers ALSO brought in wealth from other kingdoms).He defeated many warriors of repute including Bhisma (and no, Bhishma was not killed by Shikandin or by Arjuna who was concealed behind Shikandin). It was a face to face fight fought between Arjuna- Bhishma and Shikandin was also nearby ON ANOTHER CHARIOT.Arjuna was also emotional and sentimental and compassionate- basically these were the qualities that made him human, more human than perhaps anyone else in the great epic. He could not bear injustice, he could not bring himself to kill wantonly (thus earning the name Vibhatsu through his conquests) and he could not act out of revenge. It was his emotional, compassionate side that kept him grounded and ensured that he always had a clear view of what was right and what was not.Let me mention an interesting thing here: Arjuna was the only one to protest Drona’s beheading at the hands of Dhristadyumna. He actually gets off the chariot and runs towards Drishtadyumna but he cannot reach him in time. Later on, Duryodhana tells Ashwattama this when he is recounting to the latter how his father was killed. Even Duryodhana could not find fault with Arjuna.Arjuna was not just emotional, he also believed in fair play, so all the more reason for him to be cocky, bcos he was basically a good man.	Arjuna was a great warrior which may impart his cockiness. However, he was fighting the war of Mahabharata which was unusual in the sense that on either side one is not just fighting enemy but also there were love ones crossing the swords. This made him emotional. This is why throughout the war there has been an emphasis by Krishna on dynamic equilibrium or the yogic way to neutralize good and evil.	
Why did Balarama have so much anger Was Krishna able to get his anger under control	Balrama was Adi seshu on earth.. So he was a snake n obviously aggression was instintive to him n irreparable. Krishna perfectly knew how to turn things around..n never would find need to change what Balram was actually in raw form- a hissing ever angry snake… easily charmed by Krishnas Bansuri/flute..P.S : Not even Adi-seshu’s/ Balarama’s full-fledged furious rage is anything comparable to the unending, ever-engulfing , indescribable , obliviating raging fires of unending cycles creation n destruction that occur within Vishnu/Krishna.. N u ask about just the fury of his brother..? So silly.. Its not even any prob to handle for Krishna..! He had 16,108 wives remember..? How could he handle them single handedly!	
Did Balram kill Lord Krishna s son Samba	No. In Mousala Parva of Mahabharat this is narrated. Samba and his friends played a foul play with sages. Samba dressed as a pregnant woman tried to fool the sages and they cursed him to deliver a ‘Musala’ which would be the cause of perishing of entire yadava dynasty. The same came out from his body spontaneously. But they made it powder and mixed in the ocean. The powder got mixed with some kind of grass found in sea shore. Later, Yadavas were celebrating a festival at sea shore and heated exchanges began among themselves and slowly it became a severe fight. Earlier to this incident, Balram left the place. This fight was taken place in the presence of Krishna. Within minutes, all the yadavas picked up the pieces of grass mixed with the powder of ‘Musala’ and killed each other. Krishna was a mere witness for the incident. At the time of this incident, Balram was performing a normal penance in forest. In some versions, Krishna also took part in this battle after his son and grand son Pradyumna and Anirudh were killed and Krishna killed the other surviving yadavas and took all the surviving women, dropped them at Dwaraka, explained the incidents to his father Vasudev and he too met Balram in the deep forests and later both of them left their mortal bodies and reached their abodes. This story may vary in different versions slightly. So there was no question of Balram killing Samba.	
Why did lord Krishna portrayed his Vishva rupam avtaar during peace Shanti doot proposal in Hastinapur	I believe that Krishna, with his deep understanding of causes, consequences, politics, possibilities, etc argued publically that Duryodhana will lose the game and the Pandavas would come victorious. The logic and the predictions made by him were so convincing that every reasonable person in the court was agreeing with Krishna. However, Duryodhana and his friends could not see through it. Since in his arguments Krishna presented his encyclopedic knowledge and showed extremely deep understanding of politics and causal relations, it was poetically called the Vishwarupa.	In order to inform Duryadhana that no matter how powerful the evil mined people (Kauravas) might be, the victory will be always with pious people (Pandavas) who live their life according to dharma. Because God always helps people who follow dharma.Also the person who seeks peace and harmony doesn’t mean that they are weak, but it is the symbol of their strength and sympathy towards others.But still poor Duryadhana did not understood this indication due to miserly disposition and envy towards his cousin brothers.Thank you	Krushna did not portray as God but only as Krushna with Sudarshan, (which had killed Shishupal in presence of Kuru Elders in Rajsuya Yagna).In Bhagavad Gita, Krushna was compelled (Ch. 4) to tell that He was God, as Arjuna had misinterpreted that Vedas were told by God, who decided birth-varna before birth. Krushna denies birth-varna-ism.Krushna preached Swa-dharma to bear God in all and so he allowed Kuru-elders to have only one kingdom with Suyodhan as Ruler but they had to be dutiful to all Kuru for livelyhood and so MUST DELIVER FIVE VILLAGES to five Pandavs of Kuru dynsty. As only Suyodhn objected, Krushna asked Kuru-elders to convince or jail Suyodhan. As Suyodhan reciprocated to jail Krushna, soKrushna stood up to call Ssudarshan Wheel…so you attepmpt to down Krushna in name of imaginary Vishnu, when there is no birth of Vishna, Brahma or Mahesh but only GOd prevails as one in all (Bhagavad Gita Ch. 10/20th shlok). Please write me for Bhagavad Gita comments in Gujarati Or English ramesh_v_sheth@yahoo.co.in	You have to support the scripture only after its proof through logic of science. The existence of infinite space having unimaginable boundary is the standing proof for the existence of unimaginable God. The unimaginable miracles also support this point, which cannot be thrown away as the magic always. Therefore, science cannot enter the subject of unimaginable God since science deals only with the imaginable items of the creation.Once you have accepted the unimaginable God through the infinite space, you cannot throw away this concept since science is unable to explain this. In such case, the significance of the uncertainty principle explained by science itself should not be accepted. If you reject this practical proof, it is against the spirit of science. Of course, science is valid to reject that awareness is God since awareness is proved as an imaginable item of the creation by science.Hence, science is very much useful in negating the imaginable items to be called as God (neti neti). Based on this practical proof, the human incarnation of unimaginable God becomes the authority for this spiritual field and His preaching in co-relation with the old scripture like the Veda should be accepted. If the practical proof is absent, the scripture can be treated as some story of imagination. The cosmic vision (Vishwarupa) in the Gita mentions the endless infinite creation (Naantosti...) as the practical proof to be accepted by science. Arjuna got satisfied with this mention of practical proof.You have to support the scripture only after its proof through logic of science. The existence of infinite space having unimaginable boundary is the standing proof for the existence of unimaginable God. The unimaginable miracles also support this point, which cannot be thrown away as the magic always. Therefore, science cannot enter the subject of unimaginable God since science deals only with the imaginable items of the creation.Once you have accepted the unimaginable God through the infinite space, you cannot throw away this concept since science is unable to explain this. In such case, the significance of the uncertainty principle explained by science itself should not be accepted. If you reject this practical proof, it is against the spirit of science. Of course, science is valid to reject that awareness is God since awareness is proved as an imaginable item of the creation by science. Hence, science is very much useful in negating the imaginable items to be called as God (neti neti).Based on this practical proof, the human incarnation of unimaginable God becomes the authority for this spiritual field and His preaching in co-relation with the old scripture like the Veda should be accepted. If the practical proof is absent, the scripture can be treated as some story of imagination. The cosmic vision (Vishwarupa) in the Gita mentions the endless infinite creation (Naantosti...) as the practical proof to be accepted by science. Arjuna got satisfied with this mention of practical proof.In the case of worldly items, you can say that the possessor of power (sun) and the power (sun light) are separate items because both are imaginable. I and My power are one and the same since both of us are unimaginable. When you worship My topmost devotee in whose heart I exist, your worship becomes My worship only. Some devotees worship Me in the form of this entire world (Vishwarupa). Since this word is real for them, they consider Me also as real and they have no knowledge of My absolute reality and the relative reality of My creation.This world can be taken as representative model for Me in the worship. This world is without beginning and end and is infinite for you, though imaginable since you can’t imagine the point of beginning and point of end of this world. Keeping these two points as unimaginable, you can be reminded about My unimaginable nature. You can worship this world as a representative model of Myself since this world is My creation only and is dear to Me like an epic to the poet. Those, who treat this world in negative way, hurt Me like the poet is hurt if you scold the epic composed by him.The only one aspect that you can know about Me is My existenceIf anyone says that he knows Me, he does not know anything about Me. If someone says that he came to know Me as unknowable to anyone, such person can be treated as knower since he knows at least one point about My unknowable nature. If you say that you have known Me, it is your ego only. If you say that I am unknowable to anyone, it reflects your obedience, which is the fruit of true spiritual knowledge. The only one aspect that you can know about Me is My existence. It means that you came to know that the unknowable God exists through the observation of unknowable events called as miracles in this world and also from the unknowable end of the boundary of this world (since unknowable God is around the boundary).You may throw away these miracles as magic. Does it mean that whatever exists is known to you or whatever known to you alone exists? The beginning and end of the universe exist, which you can never know. You have to accept the existence of unknowable. You know that the velocity and position of an electron simultaneously exist with specific values, but, you can never know both simultaneously due to crudeness of your equipment. Similarly, due to limitations of the capacity of your brain, you are unable to know the unimaginable nature of the God even though He exists.God is imaginable to Himself and is unimaginable to your crude brain only. God, being beyond the space, can never be imagined since your brain can imagine anything having at least the least spatial dimensions. This unimaginable nature continues forever so that ego is always suppressed in you, which helps your spiritual effort. Hence, this is not sadism, but, this is only to help you in your spiritual progress. Similarly, you can’t attain Me by the efforts, which only bring deservingness in you. I will be attained by you whenever I like and My attainment is not a fruit that must be attained by an effort. Hence, you should go on worshiping Me through real love, sacrifice and service without aspiring any fruit in return. Only such devotee will attain Me whenever there is a need in this world for human incarnation.	The word ‘Vishwarupadarshanam’ is understood as seeing the infinite space with infinite matter and energy as planets and radiations based on the Lord by Arjuna. This is not the correct understanding the correct sense of this word. The word ‘darshanam’ means a physical work of seeing something with the eyes. In Sanskrit grammar, it is told that all the verbs meant for physical actions or works like walking, seeing etc. indicate the sense of knowing something (Gatyarthaanaam dhaatunaam jnanaarthakatvaat). Hence, ‘to see’ means ‘to know’. Therefore, the meaning here is that knowing the true concept of infinite cosmos is really the ‘Vishwarupadarshanam’. Lord Krishna also says that the ‘Vishwarupadarshanam’ cannot be done by the physical eyes and it can be done only by the divine eye.The divine eye is said to be on the forehead, which is the third eye. The forehead represents the place of brain having the power of analysis and imagination. Therefore, the divine eye means only the process of sharp analysis and understanding the truth of the concept. What is the big concept that is present in this infinite cosmos? Is it to know simply that the cosmos is infinite? Any person standing on the top of the hill viewing the infinite space can easily understand that the universe or space is infinite. The Lord also said that the universe created by Him is endless (Naantosti mama divyaanaam... Gita). Is the ultimate aim of the Lord is only to say that the universe is infinite, which can be easily understood by viewing the space on all sides? Science also found that space is infinite by using powerful telescopes. If this is the ultimate aim, Arjuna should not have asked and Krishna should not have given this ‘Vishwarupadarshanam’. To know that space is infinite through such experiment, it is only an experimental conclusion and the concept should be built from such conclusion. Then only, the experiment becomes meaningful and fruitful.Initially, the concept is that the infinite universe or space indicates that its boundary is unimaginable. By this, the existence of unimaginable is established through perception (Pratyaksha pramanam). Science needs the perception only as the basic authority. This is also correct because dry logic without the basis of perception and practical experience cannot be valid if you think using sharp analysis. Without this basis, anybody can tell stories based on the power of imagination of the brain. In that case, there is every chance that you may be fooled by others. Atheists say that God is a concept of baseless imagination of intellectuals to fool and exploit the ignorant and innocent people of the society. We have to accept all this in absence of the perception. Therefore, this is the greatest occasion in the spiritual knowledge, which is to observe and conclude that universe is infinite. This observation is based on the perception by the physical eyes looking around in vacant space and the conclusion of such observation is practical experience, which is proposed even by science. Hence, science also says that space is infinite and its boundary is unimaginable. The unimaginable boundary of this infinite universe itself is the unimaginable God.You should not argue that since the unimaginable boundary is not perceived directly, hence its existence also cannot be accepted. The conclusion of your statement is that the boundary of the infinite universe is not unimaginable due to lack of perception and hence it should become imaginable and perceivable. Actually you are not perceiving the boundary and hence it is not imaginable. This is the inference based on the perception. Since perception is the base of the inference, the inference also becomes authority. You have perceived the generation of smoke from fire in the kitchen. Now you see smoke coming from a distant house. You conclude that fire must be existing in that house. Your conclusion is the inference based on your previous perception. When you are not seeing the boundary of the space, there is no other alternative than to conclude that the boundary is unimaginable. If it is imaginable, you must achieve it. Since you are unable achieve it, it becomes unimaginable. We say that God is unimaginable. Hence, this unimaginable boundary must be God. There cannot be two unimaginables i.e., God and boundary of universe. There can be two imaginables. Unimaginable must be always one. The word boundary also means that which is different from the existing phase. You are travelling in the ocean. You always find water. When you reach the boundary of water, you find the land which is totally different from water. Similarly, when you are travelling through the imaginable cosmos containing imaginable items only, you always find the imaginable only. When you reach the boundary of the cosmos, you will find the unimaginable, which is totally different from the imaginable cosmos. The cosmos and God can be related as effect and cause. Fire is the cause and smoke is its effect. You can replace the ocean by smoke and land by fire.When you are travelling along the path of the smoke, you will reach the boundary of smoke i.e. fire, which is totally different from the smoke. Hence, the unimaginable God can be the cause and the imaginable universe can be the effect. The cause should not have any trace of the effect in it. The universe contains space. The space is said to be the main constituent of the universe, which is the first of the five elements. Therefore, even trace of space should not exist in God. If space exists in God, it means that space exists even before its creation. This is impossible. Hence, there is no space in God. This means that God is not having spatial dimensions. You can never imagine anything without spatial dimensions even if you concentrate for millions of years. Based on this reason itself, God is unimaginable. Krishna told that nobody can understand or imagine Him (Maamtuveda Nakashchana...). This statement of Krishna has its experimental validity in the vision of infinite cosmos i.e., ‘Vishwarupadarshanam’. In Islam, they worship the wall as God. Wall is considered to be the boundary of a house or room. This wall represents the boundary wall of the universe i.e., the unimaginable God. This is the internal sense of the wall in Islam.Therefore, ‘Vishwarupadarshanam’ means conclusion of this concept by sharp scientific or logical analysis and concluding that God is unimaginable. If this conclusion is not arrived, there is no use of the vision of infinite cosmos. A boy sees a representative model of a deep scientific concept and enjoys the model only without understanding the deep concept. If Arjuna enjoyed the vision of infinite cosmos, he should be such boy only. A sharp intellectual may understand the concept through explanation even without seeing the model. Moreover, the vision of the infinite cosmos is very easy and anybody can have it by standing on the top of a palace to look the infinite space around. The person, who has understood this concept, is the only lucky person, who is having the fortune of getting ‘Vishwarupadarshanam’.The greatest fruit of this concept is the end of quarrels between religions in this world. If God is unimaginable, God must be one only because there cannot be two unimaginables. If God is imaginable there is multiplicity in the imaginables. This results in the multiplicity of God resulting in quarrels. Lord Krishna as the basis of the universe is one only. The creation exhibited by Him on His body is always multiple with different items. The one unimaginable God comes in different imaginable human forms as media. There is multiplicity in the media but oneness in the God charging the different media. Establishment of one God in different media is the ultimate aim of this vision.	
What was the total number of participants in the Kurukshetra War	The Mahabharata yudha (Kurukshetra war) lasted for 18 days. 18 akshaouni sena participated in the war. 11 akhsaouni fought on Kauravas side and 7 akshaouni sena on Pandavas side. 1 akshaouni means 21870 rathas, 21870 elephants, 65610 horses and 109350 foot soilders. In one ratha, min 2 persons will be there. On each elephant 2 persons will be there. On one horse, 1 warrior will be there. That means in 1 akshaouni sena around 262440 warriors will be there apart from animals. So in total 18 akshaouni sena means 4723920 humans plus animals. :)	
How and when did the goddess Gayatri get incarnated	This history is found in the Padma Purana, Srishtikhanda, Chapter 17:Accompanied by brahmanas and other devas, heavenly beings, Lord Brahma once went to Pushkara to perform a Yagya, fire sacrifice for cause of universal peace. Such sacrifices could only be performed along with one’s wife. When the arrangements for the sacrifice were complete & muhurt, auspicious time to begin approached , Lord Brahma sent his son Sage Narada Rishi, to bring Sarasvati Devi Lord Brahma’s consort. But Sarasvati was not yet ready she was in middle of her dressing, so Narada returned to Pushkara alone & gave a signal to Lord Brahma that she won't be able to make here on time.According to astrological calculations, the sacrifice had to begin at once. If sacrifice ceremony failed all the burden would be on Lord Brahma. So he asked Indra, the king of the heavenly planets, to very now provide him a suitable wife to assist in the sacrifice. With this order burden shifted to Indra.As auspicious time was about to pass even time was required for Lord Brahma new wedding. Indra in confusion saw here & there at some distance there was a young cowherd girl within grazing cows.He ran towards her & without introduction enquire of her marital status. Other devas approached with proposal of marriage with Lord Brahma.Thereafter, they all took her to head priest who instantly rejected the cowheard girl as for the sacrifice girl to be of the brahmana caste.Time was running so the devas purified the girl, or elevated her caste, by passing her through a cow (into the cow’s mouth and out the other end), because in Vedic culture cows are considered pure and of the same caste as the brahmanas. The girl then became known as Gayatri, “one who was pulled through a cow”. This way Devi Gayatri got incarnated & married to Lord Brahma. Even yagya got completed on time.When Sarasvati Devi arrived to find seated next to her husband another woman—Gayatri—she became angry and cursed him and some of the other devas present. But Gayatri who now hold post & position adjusted the curses so that they would turn out favorably. For example, although Sarasvati had cursed Brahma that he would be worshiped only on the full-moon day of the month of Karttika, Gayatri declared that whoever worshiped Brahma would be blessed with wealth and a good family and would be reunited with Brahma.Sarasvati Devi left the sacrifice in anger and went off to a nearby hill to perform penance.Today pilgrims to Pushkara can visit temples of both Sarasvati Devi and Gayatri Devi.Thank you.	
Is it true that the son of Lord Krishna also fought in the Battle of Mahabharata	Thanks for A2A.Not as per my knowledge. Pradyumna was ‘possibly’ present in Kurushetra as their was a reference on that. But I need to cross check. But even if he was present he was possibly present as non-combat role.Most of the cases Abhimanyu was referred as Krishna’s son as Krishna was another name of Arjuna and there are few mention where Arjuna was referred as Krishna.	Is it true that the son of Lord Krishna also fought in the Battle of Mahabharata?Since we are et to prove that any of the millions of gods from thousands of religions exist, it is safe to assume that even though there is possibility of Kurukshetra war, there is little possibility of Lord Krishna being real, although someone named Krishna might have had his son fought that war.I guess we would never know.	
Who was Samba son of Sri Krishna killed by	Birth :-The Mahabharata and the Devi Bhagavata Purana narrate the story of the birth of Samba. Jambavati was unhappy when she realized that only she had not borne any children to Krishna while all other wives were blessed with many children. She approached Krishna to find a solution and to be blessed with a son like the handsome Pradyumna, Krishna's first-born son from his chief wife Rukmini. Then Krishna went to the hermitage of the sage Upamanyu in the Himalayas and as advised by the sage, he started to pray to the god Shiva. He did penance for six months in various postures; once holding a skull and a rod, then standing on one leg only in the next month and surviving on water only, during the third month he did penance standing on his toes and living on air only. Pleased with the austerities, Shiva finally appeared before Krishna as Samba, (Ardhanarishvara) the half-female, half-male form of the god, asked him to ask a boon. Krishna then sought a son from Jambavati, which was granted. A son was born soon thereafter who was named as Samba, the form Shiva had appeared before Krishna.Krishna wanted his son to be exactly like Shiva. Shiva's main function is to destroy creation. For his son to be like Shiva meant that the boy would be the cause of the destruction of his entire race. This was what Krishna precisely wanted because the Yadus could not be defeated by anybody. Immortality for humans is out of question therefore at the end of the Yuga the Yadus would destroy each other. Later Samba played an instrumental role in this.According to Bhagavata Purana, Jambavati was the mother of Samba, Sumitra, Purujit, Shatajit, Sahasrajit, Vijaya, Chitraketu, Vasuman, Dravida and Kratu.Marriage :-Samba grew up to be a nuisance to the Yadavas, Krishna's clan. Lakshmana, who was the daughter of Duryodhana and a younger sister of Laxman Kumara had come of age.Her father arranged her swayamvara, and many princes came to win her hand. Samba had heard of Lakshmana and wanted to marry her, although she was not inclined to him. He went to her swayamvara and abducted her forcefully. He defeated the Kuru maharathi's who pursued him but was finally caught. He was arrested by the Kuru elders and thrown in prison. Lakshmana's swayamvara was re-arranged but no other prince was willing to marry her, since it was considered that a woman abducted by another man belonged to that man, although the other princes were actually afraid of the Yadavas who might attack them on Samba's behalf. Balarama, who was fond of his notorious nephew went to Hastinapur to bail him out. The Kurus refused. Balarama became enraged and started smashing up the palace.Soon After, Duryodhana apologized for their conduct. Balarama was pacified and ordered the Kurus to free Samba. Duryodhana then affectionately married his daughter off to Samba and the marriage was celebrated in pomp and show.Curse :-The Samba Purana consists the narrative of Samba's getting infected by leprosy, after being cursed by sage Durvasa for mocking him. Later, he got cured by worshipping Surya in the temple constructed by him in Mitravana on the banks of the Chandrabhaga, which was once Multan Sun Temple.Samba underwent penance for 12 years in Mitravana near the shores of Chandrabhaga.Both the original Konark Sun Temple and the Multan Sun Temple at Multan, earlier known as Kashyapapura, have been attributed to Samba. He was cured by the Sun God Surya after 12 years of penance near Konark. As a tradition in the state of Odisha, India this day is celebrated as Samba Dashami on the 10th day of the Shukla Paksha of Pausha Masa. On this day, mothers pray to Surya for the health of their children.The Bhavishya Purana, the Skanda Purana and the Varaha Purana narrate that some of Krishna's junior wives were infatuated with Samba. One wife Nandini disguised herself as Samba's wife and embraced him. For this incest, Krishna cursed Samba to be inflicted with leprosy and his wives to be kidnapped by Abhira robbers after his deathDeath and the end of Yadu Clan :-There was a place of pilgrimage known as Pindaraka. Some Yadava youths once met the sages Kanva, Vishvamitra and Narada there. The Yadava youths dressed Shamba up as a woman and brought him to the sages. “Sages,” they asked, “tell us whether this woman will have a son or a daughter.”The sages saw through the game and were angered at the insult. “This person will give birth to a club,” they said. “And that club will destroy your clan.”In due course a club came out of Shamba’s body. But learning of the curse, King Ugrasena pulverised the club and had the dust scattered in the ocean. But the dust got changed into sharp reeds that grew on the shores of the ocean.A small part of the club could not be crushed. This was thrown into the ocean as it was, and a fish swallowed this piece. When the fish was caught, this piece of the club came out of the fish’s stomach and a hunter named Jara acquired the piece.There was a place of pilgrimage known as Prabhasa and eventually the Yadavas went there. Only one Yadava named Uddhava went off to do tapasya on Mount Gandhamadana. In Prabhasa, the Yadavas began to drink and soon lost all control of their senses. They started to fight and picked up the reeds that were growning on the shores as weapons. Krishna did try to restrain them, but the Yadavas were in no mood to listen. Soon, Krishna and Daruka were the only Yadavas who were left alive.Krishna and Daruka were wandering around and found Balarama seated under the tree. A huge snake came out of Balarama’s mouth and disappeared into the sea. This meant that Balarama died.Krishna told Daruka, “Go and tell King Ugrasena all this. Soon I too will die. And soon the sea will swallow up the city of Dvaraka. Go and tell the Yadavas who are left in Dvaraka that they should wait for Arjuna’s arrival and that they should leave the city with Arjuna. And go and tell Arjuna to protect my people as best as he can. Vajra is to be made the king the Yadavas.”Daruka paid his respects to Krishna and left.Krishna sat down to meditate. The hunter named Jara arrived there. He had fashioned an arrow-head out of the piece of the club. Seeing Krishna’s feet, he thought that it was part of a deer and let loose an arrow. When he came up to see what happened, he found that his arrow had pierced the body of a man. He begged for forgiveness and Krishna assured him that Jara would go to heaven. In fact, a chariot immediately arrive to take Jara to heaven.Krishna died. He was a hundred years old.Arjuna found the dead bodies of Krishna, Balarama and other important Yadavas and performed their shraddha ceremonies. Krishna’s eight major wives died on Krishna’s funeral pyre. Revati did the same on Balarama’s . Urgasena, Rohini, Devaki and Vasudeva also entered a fire. The others left Dvaraka with Arjuna.As soon as Krishna died, the parijata tree and the assembly hall named Sudharma returned to heaven. The kali era began. And the city of Dvaraka was swallowed up by the sea, with the exception of Krishna’s own dwelling.Arjuna settled some of the Yadavas in the Punjab. But when he was taking the Yadava women with him, the party was set upon by a band of dacoits. Arjuna tried to repel the dacoits but found that he had lost all his powers. His strength had left him with Krishna’s death.This is the end of the fifth section of the Vishnu Purana.SourceThe End of the YadavasWikipedia	Noone killed Samba. He's responsible for his own downfall and finally death.It is said that Lord Krishna had a desire for an extraordinary son, just like Lord Shiva. To appease Lord Shiva, Krishna meditated for years. When Shiva was pleased, Krishna sought to be blessed with a son like Shiva himself. Krishna wanted a son who had the destructive powers of Shiva as he could foresee the decline of the Yadava’s who would be needed to be eliminated in future.Soon Jambavati gave birth to a son, who was named Samba, after the name of Shiva.Samba was married to lakshamana, daughter of Duryodhana. But then also, Samba could not rest quietly even after being married – he continued harassing and troubling others around him.Samba has been cursed on several occasions.Krishna Cursed Samba as Samba was extremely handsome and so, had quite a huge female following.According to the Bhavishya Purana, the Skanda Purana and the Varaha Purana, some of Krishna's junior wives were very attracted towards him. One wife in particular, called Nandini, decided to entrap Samba. She disguised herself as his wife and, coming up silently from behind, embraced him.Infuriated by this incestuous behavior, Krishna cursed Samba that he would be inflicted with leprosy; also that his wives would be abducted by the Abhira clan of bandits, after his time.The Samba Purana relates how the young man suffered due to leprosy. He visited sage Kataka, who advised him to pray to Suryadeva (the Sun God) to heal his disease. Accordingly, he constructed a temple dedicated to the worship of Surya, in Mitravana, on the banks of the Chandrabhaga. There, he underwent severe penance for a period of twelve years, after which Suryadeva appeared before him and cured him of his ailment.In all, he is said to have constructed twelve temples dedicated to the Sun God, spread across the Indian subcontinent.Another story says, Once, three great sages decided to visit Krishna's palace in Dwaraka. Krishna, who was resting at that time, told his attendants that he would be there shortly and; in the meantime; asked them to welcome the sages with full respect and devotion.Samba, being the mischievous one, heard of the sages' arrival and he, along with some of the other young relatives present in the palace, decided to play a practical joke on the rishis. Samba tied a large Gada (iron bolt or mace) on his stomach and draped a saree. He then approached the rishis along with these men, who told them that this woman was carrying and asked them to predict whether the child would be a boy or a girl.Now, these rishis were self-realized and hence, immediately knew that they were being mocked at. Enraged, they told Samba they were well aware of his identity and cursed him that he would give birth to a Gada (iron bolt or mace). They further said that this mace would eventually bring about the destruction of the entire Yadava clan.At that moment, Krishna entered the hall and was saddened to hear about the incident and that the sages had placed a curse on his son. He, however, knew that Samba and his relatives fully deserved to suffer. The rishis too felt bad after uttering this curse, but had no power to take it back. In spite of the unfortunate incident, Krishna spent time with the sages and spoke to them with utter respect. After a while, they took their leave and departed, after taking the Lord's blessings.In due course of time, Samba gave birth to a huge iron bolt. Realizing that the curse was working and fearful that their end was probably nearing, Samba and his young relatives went to Krishna and begged him to save them.Krishna thought for a while, scolded Samba for his crude and irresponsible behavior and advised him to visit King Ugrasena, who would have a solution for them. The King asked him to powder the iron bolt and then cast this powder into the Prabhas Sea.Samba and his young friends started grinding the mace, but, finding it too tedious a task, threw it into the sea, without fully grinding it. In time, this powder grew along the sea shore, in the form of eraka grass.Many months later, the Yadavas created iron clubs made out of this eraka grass and used these as weapons.Finally whole yadav clan fought among themselves and get killed.These curses were the reason behind Samba's death and downfall of whole yadav clan.	Samb was the son of Lord Sri Krishn and Jamvanti, the one Patrani of Lord Sri Krishn. Samb was immodest and ill behavior son by birth. Though, He was most handsome like Lord Sri Krishn, but his nature and behavior was against the Sanatan Vedic Custom. He always used to harass the Rishi-Munis and Brahmins.Lord Sri Krishn as per Sri Mad Bhagvatam tried several times Samb that no Brahmn or Rishi-Munis should be disturbed or harassed. But Samb was quite different from rest of his brothers. He was the women luster also. Though he was married to Lakshmana the daughter of Duryodhan.Due to his mischievous, he was cursed by many persons. Even, once Lord Sri Krishn cursed him for being leprosy patient.As per story- Samba, being the mischievous one, heard of the sages' arrival near Dwarka. So, he along with some of his lunatics young men and friends reached there where the Rishi was in the meditation. As per program pre- fixed a young boy was disguised the dress of young girl. The young boy stomach was tied with large quilt and pillow in order to show the common people for being pregnant.Thus, they all reached the Rishi Ashram and bowed their heads at the feet of Rishi. Samb asked Rishi to predict the the womb baby as boy or girl? Rishi knew the whole plot of Samb and his friends, but being razed highly, Rishi cursed that he would have some irons bricks.And Surprisingly, the pillow and quilt tied to the stomach was stick tightly and it never freed from the young boy, who had deceived the Rishi. After having spend some times, the bricks of iron appeared from his stomach and those bricks were sent to Ganga river for drowning.But bricks was captured by some fishermen and they transfered it to some Mechanic, who melted it and made some Iron arrows and pieces, that were taken away by the army and later those irons were made the destructive weapons. They all were used in the war among Yadavas of Sri Krishn dynasty and thus, all yadavs were killed among themselves.Thus, all yadavas were ruined and Sri Krishn later decided to leave the earth for his abode Vaikunth. Sri Krishn, knew everything and he finally left the earth. Samb was also killed in the fighting.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/Hare Ram Hare Krishn	Samba is the son of Jambavathi who is one among the eight wives of sri Krishnahe belonged to yadavas known for bravery,Sri Krishna decided to wipe out his generation that is yadavas before his completion of Krishnavtar on yhe earth and he utilized Gandhari’s curse as a tool for implementing his decision.Since Krishna is above curses and blessings no one can do any harm to him however,he gives lot of respect to elderly ladies,Rishees etc and show to the people that elders are to be respected.That is why he did namaskara to Gandhari, Kunthi to show the present generation to respect the elders.when Sri Krishna decided to end his generationSamba played an important role in this regardSri Krishna wanted the curse of Rishees to be made as a reason for yadavas destruction. All the yadava kumaras joined and dressed Samba similar to a pregnant lady and went near great Rishees like Vishwamitra, Kashyapa, Narada etc and asked them whether this pregnent lady would have a boy or a girl delivered ?The Rishees in turn with their Gnan drishti noticed this and realized this is to cheat them and informed them that this so called lady would deliver a piece of sharp iron rod used for tilling the earth, and immediately a piece of iron rod was delivered by SambaLater these yadavas melted the iron rod with highest temperature and made into ashes and threw them Prabhasa now it is Somnath in Gujarat to avoid the curse and these ash got turned into a special type of grass with very sharp edge. All the yadavas went to Prabhas and drank madya now they call as hot drinks lost control over them started fighting among themselves picking up the special sharp grass grown which acted as a sword and all got killed themselves completely except Uddhava who was told by Sri Krishna to go to Badrikashram and spread the knowledge for the next generationThat is why Uddhava is still in Bdarikshram and he gets worshiped in Badrinath temple even today hence these are real things and not a story to read and leave . From this a lesson is taught not to tease the eldely knowledgable persons at any cost	According to Mousala parva of Mahabharata, he was killed by his half elder brother Pradyumna during Yadavi war at the end.	
What was the name of the dog who followed the Pandavas in their last journey	I guess it was Peblo Diego John Fransisco le Nemopusen Crispin Crispiano de la Paula John Stisima Trinidad Rouiz Y Bruno though MB does not mention it's name.Hope this helps!	
What is a link to download the Mahabharata in Kannada	Source: YouTube	
How did Lord Krishna acquire Panchjanya conch shell shankha	Hare Krishna :)This is nicely explained by Srila Prabhupada in Krishna book.When Kṛṣṇa and Balarāma heard from Their teacher about the death of his son on the bank of Prabhāsakṣetra, They immediately started for the ocean on Their chariot. Reaching the beach, They asked the controlling deity of the ocean to return the son of Their teacher. The ocean deity immediately appeared before the Lord and offered Him all respectful obeisances with great humility.Krishna orders the Deity of the Ocean to Give back the son of his teacher.The Lord said, "Some time back you caused the drowning of the son of Our teacher. I order you to return him."The ocean deity replied, "The boy was not actually taken by me, but was captured by a demon named Pancajana. This great demon generally remains deep in the water in the shape of a conchshell. The son of Your teacher might be within the belly of the demon, having been devoured by him."On hearing this, Kṛṣṇa dove deep into the water and caught hold of the demon Pancajana. He killed him on the spot, but could not find the son of His teacher within his belly. Therefore He took the demon's dead body (in the shape of a conchshell) and returned to His chariot on the beach of Prabhāsakṣetra. From there He started for Saṁyamanī, the residence of Yamarāja, the superintendent of death. Accompanied by His elder brother Balarāma, who is also known as Halāyudha, Kṛṣṇa arrived there and blew on His conchshell.Hearing the vibration, Yamarāja appeared and received Śrī Kṛṣṇa with all respectful obeisances. Yamarāja could understand who Kṛṣṇa and Balarāma were, and therefore he immediately offered his humble service to the Lord. Kṛṣṇa had appeared on the surface of the earth as an ordinary human being, but actually Kṛṣṇa and Balarāma are the Supersoul living within the heart of every living entity. They are Viṣṇu Himself, but were playing just like ordinary human boys. As Yamarāja offered his services to the Lord, Śrī Kṛṣṇa asked him to return His teacher's son, who had come to him as a result of his work. "Considering My ruling as supreme," said Kṛṣṇa, "you should immediately return the son of My teacher."Yamarāja returned the boy to the Supreme Personality of Godhead, and Kṛṣṇa and Balarāma brought him to his father.VideographyKrishna’s guru dakshinaReadingKrsna, The Supreme Personality of Godhead	
Why does Krishna call Balram Dau What does Dau mean	Dau means elder brother in Braj-bhasha.The other versions of the word are Dada in Hindi and Bengali, Dai in Nepali, Daju/Dajyu in Kumaoni, Nepali and Garhwali.The Sanksrit root for Dau is T’aat-ah. Taat means elder.	
Why didn t Lord Krishna do anything about his disgraceful son Samba if he was an adharme	To Understand the relation between Sambha and Krishna and Sambha’s very nature, one has to understand How and Why Sambha was born.You see, Lord Krishna wanted to ensure that the strength of the Yadavas diminished, along with his demise.He did this to ensure, the age of Dharma that would be established after the Kurukshetra war would not be challenged in any way. He had to ensure that the new thoughts, philosophies, and rules that were established would not bend or change under the pressure of age-old rules and thoughts that have outlived usage.Most of the Kingdom took part in the great war and most of the elder of both the sides perished. But, Lord Krishna knew the Yadavas would not be taking part in the war and so he had to look for other alternatives.He prayed for a Son who would be the reason behind the destruction of the Yadavas, from Lord Shiva.When Lord Shiva Appeared before Sri Krishna, to grant him the boon, he came with Devi Amba.So when a son was born to Lord Krishna and Jambyabati, Sri Krishna decided to name his son Samba. Samba literally means “With Amba”Since the very purpose of his birth was the destruction of the Yadavas, He had to be exactly as he was.Because of his mischievous nature, Samba did manage to Get Cursed by various Rishis on several different occasions. He was also Chided by his Father on various situations.But it should be kept in mind that The relation between Sambha and Krisha was very strong in a positive way.He was the dearest Son of Krishna and resembled his father a lot.Lord Krishna taught Samba everything he knew and made Samba an equivalent to himself.He(Samba) along with Lord Krishna and Balarama was an Atiratha of the Narayani Sena.Just because he was mischevious doesn’t mean he was an Adharmi. There is a difference between Adharma and Passionate Spontaneity. Sambha was the Latter. He did things without thinking.	This is an example of how unbiased is the Almighty!Almighty, after making its System available to all beings, doesn’t interfere with freewill in their choice making and engaging in actions.The System provides with VEDas for theory and AchArya for practical guidance.If someone, even if he be the son of incarnation of Almighty, Almighty keeps aloof! This is the beauty of the System.Doesn’t Almighty provide no guidance at all? It is not that, it provides, provided, the being approaches Almighty with all humility for guidance! Like when Arjuna approached, when SabarI approached!	
Did Pradyumna son of Lord Krishna die before Samba	Interesting question! but the answer is really simple. Both Samb and Anirudh were killed in the same fighting at the beach of the Prabhas during Yadavasthali.Kritvarma tried to kill Satyaki but between the fight of Kritvarma and Satyaki, Satyaki killed Kritvarma. Then Kritvarma's friends tried to kill Satyaki and Anirudh tried to save Satyaki. During this fight, Anirudh was killed by them.In the Mahabharata, at the point of the death of Anirudh, there is nothing mentioned about the death of Samb. So, It is clear that Anirudh was killed before Samb. Because in the immediate section, It was mentioned that "Krishna was angry by seeing the dead bodies of Anirudh, Samb and Charudeshna.The conclusion is yes, Anirudh was killed before Samb in the Yadavasthali at the beach of the Prabhas.	
Why was Lord Krishna s son Pradyumna and Samba so different	The behavior and mannerism of every human being, according to the rule of the nature, becomes different from each other. The shiksha (teachings) of Pradyumna was directly under lord Krishna. Therefore Krishna could train him according to his own will. But Sambha, whose mother was Jambuboti (was from the bear species), since birth only most of the time he could not do the sanga of lord Krishna.And then in the yadav kul a bad situation had taken place. Therefore Krishna did not get any time to impart his teachings and preaching to Samba. Thus, Samba according to his own habit, had become a very careless and uncontrolled person. Samba was extremely good looking and beautiful, and for his beauty women were so attracted to him, and for that reason only Samba had created a war.The way Pradyumna was been able to construct himself through the teachings of krishna, Samba was deprived of that shiksha and was not been able to accept his father's image, and eventually he had dragged himself to the bad path and for this reason only he had become so bad.	
Why is it observed that all the great kings in Mahabharata and Ramayana had only sons in bulk and hardly daughters	The daughters or the feminine factors is the very reason for the progress of time line in both Ramayana and MB .RamayanaLord Rama had to go to forest due to his step mother Kaikeyi who in turn was also reason for death of Dasharatha .It was shoorpanaka who got attracted towards Rama ,who kick started the process of future war between Rama and Ravana.It was Seetha the Rama’s consort whose beauty made Ravana to abduct her .It was foolishness on part of Ravana who didn't pay any heed to words of wisdom of his own wife Mandodari.MahabharataKing Dushyant’s love towards Ganga led to the birth of Bheeshma the legend .King Dushyant’s liking towards Satyavati led to relinquishing the Bheeshma’s right to the throne and he took the vow of celibacy. By this Hastinapur lost a chance to be ruled by the most eligible ruler .Bheeshma’s abduction of three queens Ambe ,Ambike , Ambalike led to his own death in future wherein Ambe took rebirth as shikhandi to kill Bheeshma in battle of kurukshetra .Sage Parashara ‘s liking towards Satyavati led to birth of Sage Vedavyasa ,who composed the great epic of Mahabharata .The role of Ambike and Ambalike in the birth of Dritarastra and Pandu is significant ,for one closed her eyes by seeing Vedavyasa and the other blanched by mere sight of his .The lust of Pandu towards Madri led to his own death followed by sahagamana by Madri led to the sorrowful life of Kunti and their sons who are famous as Pandavas.Kunti’s hasty decision led to forsaking the child (who was famous as Karna in future ) as soon as he was born for the fear of social obligations .Gandhari’s apparent blindness spoiled her son Duryodhana.Now comes the pivotal character of MB who was the very responsible for battle of Kurukshetra .Yes ,the Draupadi.Her bewitching beauty attracted many kings to marry her and even abduct her (Jayadratha case ). But all went in vain as finally she married to five brothers of Pandavas .Undressing Draupadi infront of all seniors and Gurus by Duryodhana made Bheemasena furious by which he vowed that he will kill all 100 brothers of Kauravas .Conclusion -Even if one turns the pages of history we see that the main reasons behind invasions and conquering are wealth and womenThank You	Daughters were simply married off. They played no role whatsoever in the lineage of that particular dynasty. That is the reason they don’t find any mention in those epics.Do you know Lord Rama had a sister who was married to some sage. Her name is not important because she does not play any significant part in the making of Ramayana. Her name finds mention only when Lord Rama on his way to exile go to her cottage to meet her.The sad part is that even today daughters are just supposed to be married off.	
Why was Lord Krishna s son Samba so evil	There can be two different answers to this question. One is based on intellectuality and other is based on the myth. We can not prove either at all because we have read about him only. There is nothing official when it is about God and Ancient Indians.so, if you take the reference of the myth, specially Mahabharat and Bhagwat Puran then Samba was not evil at all. Yes, surely he did some mischief with the sages and his evil act led the entire Yadava clan to the extinction but when you follow the myth, you can say that it was the result of the curse of to Lord Krishna who was the responsible for the hunting of Kauravas according to her. He was used as a trigger for the curse of Gandhari.The second viewpoint is the age of the Samba. He was a young Yadav from a rich family whose father was Yadav who had the indirect control over any king within the Aryavart means India of that time. Compare him with any random youngster of India whose father has so much power! There is a bigger chance to have his evil, not compulsory but power is a thing which really hard to maintain. And he made this mistake because of the things he possessed.	
What are the untold truths of the Mahabharata	1). Karna’s armor- earring are the most powerful shield than any weapon.2). Indra’s weapon is the strongest weapon than any weapon.Mahakala holding Vajra WeaponIn the RigvedaIt is described as the weapon of Indra, the chief among Gods.The Rigveda states that the weapon was made for Indra by Tvastar, referred to the Purusha in Purusha Sukta, who is the maker of all divine instruments & weapons.The associated story describes that Indra using the vajra, which he held in his hand, to slay the asura Vritra, who took the form of a serpent.On account of his skill in wielding the vajra, some epithets used for Indra :Vajrabhrit (bearing the vajra),Vajrivat or Vajrin (armed with the vajra),Vajradaksina (holding the vajra in his right hand), andVajrabahu or Vajrahasta (holding the vajra in his hand).Now, in Bhagwat Gita, Hinduism’s Primary Scripture, Lord Krishna,who’s Mahakala Himself.who’s Indra Himself.who’s Tvastar Himself.Glorified thatAmong the weapons, I’m thunderbolt : Gita verse, 10.28 andAmong the wielders of weapons, I’m Lord Rama : Gita verse, 10.31Now, in the first verse, the Supreme Almighty God Krishna states thatAmong the weapons, which means, all the weapons, which are glorified in Mahabharata, like brahmashira, pashupatastra, vaishnavastra, etc,So, among all these weapons, Lord Krishna states he’s thunderbolt.which directly means, thunderbolt, is the best weapon among all.And, in the second verse, the Supreme Almighty states that he’s the wielderwhich means it’s He, the Supreme Almighty God Krishna, who is the maker, of all the weapons like pashupatastra, vaishnavastra, etc, in the form of wielding.Now, Supreme Almighty God Krishna gave importance to one and only one weapon whose name is ‘Thunderbolt’.which means that Thunderbolt has the best wieldingor we say, Thunderbolt is the best weapon among all the weapons wielded by Godthanks. : : .sources . : : .Which is the powerful between Brahmashira, Pashupatastra, & Vaishnavastra?Why is the Indra’s weapon strongest than any weapon after Karna’s Shield?	
What are the predictions given by Kali about Kali Yuga to Bheem	After the Great War at Kurukshetra Lord Krishna left to Dwaraka, King Yudhisthira was ruling Bharathavarsha. His mighty brother Bhimasena was in charge of the welfare of the citizens in the kingdom. He used to help in solving the problems of people; hence people would come to him with grievances.One day a person in great haste came to Bhima & expressed desire of urgently meeting with King Yudhisthira.Bheem inquired about the purpose, visitor said that he noticed a strange thing today. The fence he had erected around his field to protect crops had gained momentum & ate the crops. He requested Bhima to help him find out why it was happening so. Bhima had never heard a thing like that so he asked him to approach Yudhisthira in the durbar, assembly hall.On the same day, another person came and told that he came across with a strange thing so he urgently wanted to meet the King Yudhisthira. Bhima inquired & told now he is incharge of public dealing so he will resolve the issue. The visitor said, He had a big pot with full of water and he had poured that water into small pots, amazingly when he tried to pour back the water from the small pots to the big one only half of the big pot was filled. The person was wondering what had happened to the other half quantity of water. Bhima not knowing what to say, he asked him to contact Yudhisthira.Yet another person came to Bhima that day with a complaint that he happened to see a strange thing. A huge elephant could pass through the eye of the needle but to his surprise its tail got stuck in that hole. Bhima again referred him to Yudhisthira.Another person came to Bhima that day with a complaint that he happened to see a strange thing mother Cow is licking her Calf so much that Calf got wounded & is about to die. Bhima again referred him also to YudhisthiraAnother person came to Bhima and said he say a strange thing there was a big mountain, a Sadhu, Saint rapped a thin thired around the mountain & pulled it down astonishingly mountain merged in ground. Now there is a plain ground where used to be a huge mountain.Bhima thinking that it has been a bad day for him since he could not fined solution to the weird happening, he referred them to Yudhisthira.To know the answer to queries Bhima also went to meet Yudhisthira but found no one there. When inquired Yudhisthira said no one came to meet him. Bhima was amazed and asked about these questions, then Yudhisthira said that, all these qualities shows that Dwapara Yuga is ending and Kali Yuga is near approaching and he explains ......The first symptom is one of the fence it signifies that in Kalyuga the protector will be tormentor be it Ruler, parents, husband, employer all will betray.The second symptom is the big pot with full of water when it is poured into small pots and pour back into big pot fills only half this means that love, affection or help for a person to whom one had shown will not return when needed.The third symptom of big elephant is going through a needle but the tail getting stuck, it means that henceforth big dacoit will pass freely the litigation but general public will get punished for not so big mistakes or crime.The fourth symptom of Cows & Calf is, of upbringing of children. Parents of Kalyuga will themselve spoil their children.The fifth symptom is auspicious . Kalyuga will be full of faults but there is one great blessing that is of Chanting of Lord Krishna's holy name which can bring down whole lot of accumulated sins of many past birth. This chanting of Radhe Kṛishna or Hare Krishna at one can get rid of all their enormous and vast problems & blesses with Vaikuntha, supreme liberation.Please you also Chant & make your life sublime.Thank you	
Who is Sarvadaman in the Mahabharata	The name सर्वदमनः (Sarvadamana) means “The one who subdues all”.[1]Just as the name suggests, Sarvadamana was a fearless child, became a fearsome warrior when he grew up and went on to become the legendary Emperor whose name this land of Gods would take up.रथेनानुध्दातस्तिमितगतिना तीर्णजलधिःपुरा सप्तद्वीपां जयति वसुधामप्रतिरधः ।इहायं सत्वानां प्रसभदमनात्सर्वदमनःपुनर्यास्यत्याख्यां भरत इति लोकस्य भरणात्।। [2]He crossed the seas swiftly, won over all the major 7 islands, quickly and ruthlessly conquered everyone, he became famous as Bharata in ruling the world.Sarvadamana is the son of Shakuntala[3][4]and Dushyanta Maharaja[5]from the famous play Abhijnaana Shaakuntalam[6]by legendary poet Kalidasa.[7]He is also the ancestor of Pandavas[8]and Kauravas[9]of the epic poem Mahabharatam.[10]The story of Sarvadamana and his parents appears in many great works of literature[11]like Mahabharatam, Sreemad Bhagavatham[12], Vishnu Puranam[13], Harivamsham[14], Matsya Puranam[15], Vayu Puranam[16], Padma Puranam[17]etc.Sarvadamana lived in Ashrama of Kanva Maharishi[18]with his mother Shakuntala.He was named so because he, as a child, would capture wild animals and play with them. He was famous for having playfully counted the teeth of lion cubs at the age of 5. Since the child subdued anyone and anything he saw, he was named Sarvadamana by the people living with him in the Ashrama.Sarvadamana grew up and inherited the throne of his father. He became an Emperor and conquered the world. He became legendary as Bharata. The land of Sapta Sindhu[19]honours him by taking up his name. Our land is known from ancient times as Bhaaratam, Bharatavarsham, Bharata Khanda or Bharata Kshetra.[20][21]उत्तरं यत्समुद्रस्य: हिमाद्रेश्चैव दक्षिणम् ।वर्षं तद् भारतं नाम: भारती यत्र संततिः ।।-विष्णुपुराणम्The country (varṣam) that lies north of the ocean and south of the snowy mountains is called Bhāratam; there dwell the descendants of Bharata.-Vishnu PuranamFootnotes[1] Bharata (Mahabharata) - Wikipedia[2] अभिज्ञानशाकुन्तलम्/सप्तमोऽङ्कः - विकिस्रोतः[3] Shakuntala - Wikipedia[4] Vishnu Elayath's answer to Who wrote Shakuntala? What is the essence behind it?[5] Dushyanta - Wikipedia[6] Shakuntala (play) - Wikipedia[7] Vishnu Elayath's answer to The English have Shakespeare, and the French have Molière. Who represents your language?[8] Pandava - Wikipedia[9] Kaurava - Wikipedia[10] Mahabharata - Wikipedia[11] अभिज्ञानशाकुन्तलम् - विकिपीडिया[12] Bhagavata Purana - Wikipedia[13] Vishnu Purana - Wikipedia[14] Harivamsa - Wikipedia[15] Matsya Purana - Wikipedia[16] Vayu Purana - Wikipedia[17] Padma Purana - Wikipedia[18] Kanva - Wikipedia[19] Rigvedic rivers - Wikipedia[20] Bharata Khanda - Wikipedia[21] Vishnu Elayath's answer to Ancient India: India is referred to as Bharat and Bharatvarsha, why is the 'varsha' added?	
If forgiveness is the greatest thing to do why didnt Lord Krishna Forgive all the Kauravas and Kanshas	His greatest message Shrimad Bhagavath Geetha. He said words to have equal eyed to enemy and friends, dog,dog eater and a scholar. Has preached to have balance at insult and praise, stone and gem.What else is require to testify. He gave option of strength & Himself to Duryodhana where as he chose strength only.He has neither love or hate towards any one. He's perfect soul, paramathma. It's Duryodhana,who chose unforgivably methods and lords of respective lokas blessed him accordingly. Duryodhana killed himself with his own deeds.The cruelty of Kamsa need to be understood before pardoning him. Alas if everything is pardoned then think of why crucification of Christ, why stoning to Muhammed and the same was a big blame to Krishna. Krishna had to go through very tough time since birth but we listen only to the melody of his flute. So is the beauty of great masters who just share nectar for others and consume poison themselves.	
Why is the truthful nature of Yudhishtira overrated in the Mahabharata He has lied a few times	Dharmaraja was rated as truthful by the rating agencies of those days ( Rishis) , despite an occasional folly which of which he was forcefully cajoled into indulging, considering the overriding factors which were abundantly in his favour. He was equated to that of Lord Sriram of an earlier yuga.If some modern day writers and thinkers wish to down grade the ratings they can not do that as they are not original raters. However, an alternative rating may be accorded as per the chosen rating criteria. If one considers a single or few lies in the life span of say 100 years or more is enough to down grade a life full of truthfulness, it is one's choice.	Yes! Yudhishthira, in his life had lied with intense reservations more than once..But we have to understand one thing..If a lie ought to be told to win against all odds, then the lie must be told..And I don't think it is right to question his character or taint his repute just because he had lied more than once.. The reason is that, one man’s Dharma could be another man’s Adharma..Or even that one man’s dharma at one point in time could be utterly conflicting his dharma at another point in time..It all depends on the purpose of those lies..Having said all these, mahabarata doesn't justify lying in any way..Every person who had lied was punished in one way or the other..This story (Ashwatthama’s death) teaches a moral that no one can escape from bondage without balancing our Karma..Even Lord Krishna had to suffer the consequences at last..Yudhishthira’s story is undoubtedly a moral lesson to everyone..At the same time, we also cannot deny the fact that he had no choice other than lying during that difficult war period..Had he spoken the truth, the end result would've been adverse..He lied for a purpose and served punishment for the same..This incident edifies us one thing - It's okay to lie for common good, but we must also be prepared for what comes next!!	A lie can become a truth and a truth canbecome a lie. For instance your parent tells you that on your way home , bring some water from the river. You forget and when you reach home you lie thatthere was no water in the river. After a few days you pass by the river and there really isn't any water in the river. You ask someone since when is the river dry, they say it's dry since the last month.Now even though you lied you actually didn't lie. Hence Yudhistra's lies were made into truth so he didn't become aliar at all.	There are certain times when a lie needs to be told for the larger good. For Example, there was this person who was being chased by some goons who intended to kill him. This person while running come across a place where the path got divided into 2 subpaths. He takes the left one and keeps running. In the meanwhile his chasers also reach the same spot and are guessing the path which this person might have taken. They find an old man sitting there and ask him about the person they were chasing. Now if the oldman tells them the truth it will cause a murder. If he doesn’t speak the truth he carries the burden of lying.Yudhishther faced the same dilemma at some crucial moments of his life. Had she spoken the truth the outcome of Mahabarat would have been different. His truthful nature is not overrated at all. It teaches us to speak truth at all times but to also be practical when the situation demands.	In fact, that is one of the points mahAbhAraTa wants to stress- A highly rated human need not be flawless. A flawed human need not sulk, but recover from it and achieve!	
Who was Kunti in her previous birth	Thanks for the questionshriyastu bhAgaH sa~njaj~ne ratyarthaM pRRithivItale |drupadasya kule kanyA vedimadhyAdaninditA || 95||nAtihrasvA na mahatI nIlotpalasugandhinI |padmAyatAkShI sushroNI asitAyatamUrdhajA || 96||sarvalakShaNasampannA vaiDUryamaNisaMnibhA |pa~nchAnAM puruShendrANAM chittapramathinI rahaH || 97||siddhirdhRRitishcha ye devyau pa~nchAnAM mAtarau tu te |kuntI mAdrI cha jaj~nAte matistu subalAtmajA || 98||Adi Parva gave an account of the identity of all the prominent charecters of the Epic.And a portion of Sri herself became incarnate on earth, for the gratification of Narayana, in the line of Bhishmaka. And she was by name the chaste Rukmini. And the faultless Draupadi, slender-waisted like the wasp, was born of a portion of Sachi (the queen of the celestials), in the line of Drupada. And she was neither low nor tall in stature. And she was of the fragrance of the blue lotus, of eyes large as lotus-petals, of thighs fair and round, of dense masses of black curly hair. And endued with every auspicious feature and of complexion like that of the emerald, she became the charmer of the hearts of five foremost of men.Rukmini was a part of Sri herself born for the sake of Narayana who incarnated as Krishna.Draupadi was the incarnation of Sachi Devi.Kunti was goddess SiddhiAnd the two goddesses Siddhi and Dhriti became the mothers of those five, and were called Kunti and Madri. And she who was Mati became the daughter (Gandhari) of Suvala.Kunti was goddess SiddhiMadri was DhritiGandhari was Mati.Reference SourceBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Adi Parva Ch. 67Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parva Sambhava Parva Section LXVII	Kunti who’s original name was pridha, She was sister of Vasudev and dauther of yadava shurusena, later she was adopted by kuntibhoja who was Shurasena’s sister’s son and so she is known as kunti.It is said that goddess Sidhi was born as Kunti.it is also said that goddess Dhriti was born as Madri and goddes Mati took birth as daughter of subala, known as Gandhari.	
What would have happened if Duryodhana was alive and Bhima died in Mahabharatha war	Duryodhana would have won against Bhima in fair battle with weapons since Duryodhana in wrestling was no match against Bhima. But apart from the victory and death of his most hated enemy, he would have obtained the throne of Hastinapur but I still suppose he would relinquish the throne because after the death of his 99 brothers and almost all his allies including his best friend Karna it no longer made sense to rule Hastinapur according to him when he was arguing with Krishna.Although according to many people, Bhima had gained by being on the side of the Dharma but the war of Kurukshetra was not a war of the Dharma vs Adharma, it was a simple war for the throne of Hastinapur which was confessed by Yudhisthira. Also in the world there are still murders, rapes and robberies as well as after the war there were still thieves who kidnapped and raped; and to remember, the pandavas made a lot of cheating in the Kurukshetra war while the kauravas almost always fought clean (there was only one attack in a group of the kauravas that were 97 brothers of Duryodhana against Bhima) and in reality the death of Abhimanyu was fair . Perhaps it is suggested that the Adharma fought justly and the Dharma unjustly that they even drank the blood of a warrior and told the warrior's mother that the taste of that blood was superior to any other flavor?	It is a hypothetical question but if we still believe it to be true for a while, then also Dharma had won in the end.As per Promise Yudhisthir had to give up his claim and retire with remaining brothers. There was no chance of a second duel with any others as per agreement. Duryodhana victory would have sealed his fate. But it was all Yudhisthir promise but not of Krishna. He knows each and every loophole to find a way. In one way or another he would have used something to escalate a battle even then also and still he would have got Duryodhana killed.If for Dharma they could force Yudhisthir tell a lie then they would have found a way to cross his promise too. The impediment was yudhisthir promise that if Duryodhana won he would get the kingdom but Krishna believed in the crux of Dharma was the righteous should win and not shallow promises. He found a way to fulfill Arjuna oath to kill anyone who asked him to drop Gandiva by asking him to insult his elder brother and thus kill him without actually killing him and even gave him solution to commit suicide by bragging without actually dying.	Duryodhana, Keechaka, Bakasura, Jarasandha & Bhima.These 5 warriors are born under the same zodiac sign.It is prophesied that the one who kills the first of these 5, the others shall die at his hand.If Duryodhana were to be alive, then he must kill not only Bhima but others as well. Such is fate.Bhima himself openly agreed that he could never have beaten Duryodhana in mace fight other than what he did and why he did?	If Duyodhana had killed Bhima, he would then have to contend with Arjuna, the master archer. There was no way Duryodhana would have survived Arjuna's array of weapons and his skill in the usage of those. Just to understand, I will narrate an anecdote in the battle.After Bhisma was felled and Guru Drona was made the C-o-C of the Kauravs Army, the Guru promised to protect Duryodhana with all his might and skills. Drona, being an expert in armour, prepared a body armour for his King. He put the armour on his body and stitched the joints with brahma knots. The whole of Duryodhana’s body was covered with the armour only leaving the face and the tips of his fingers. The armour was impenetrable.Now the armies were arrayed and Arjuna wanted to use his shower of lethal arrows on Duryodhana. However, to his surprise, he could not penetrate the body armour that Duryodhana was wearing. Arjuna understood the matter and then aimed his arrows at Duryodhana's unprotected finger tips. His arrows were so lethal that Duryodhana’s finger tips got completely mangled and he had to retreat from the battlefield. Suffice it to say that Arjuna did not use any of his special, deadly weapons during that encounter. He possessed the most lethal weapons which he could shoot from the gandiva, the celestial bow, and as a last resort he could release the brahmaastra.So the was no escape for Duryodhana.	Pandava would have wonIncase if bhima had died instead of duryodhan than duryodhan has to combat with Arjuna , and Arjuna was in any case superior than duryodhan just their would have been a slite change it would have been Arjuna who would have killed duryodhana and pandava would have been victorious	
Which is the biggest term dharma or desire love if someone closely analyzes the character Draupadi of Mahabharata	Am not clear in understanding your question. Neither Drupadi is related to love or lust nor even with dharma.She born out of fire. Know what can be born out of fire. Is it love? Is it lust? Or is it Dharma?We know fire doesn't know love or lust as it can annihilate anything it can annihilate.Coming to Dharma. Dharma was there from beginning. It got modified from time to time. Yug dharma is different. So far we encountered 3 yuga and are in Kali yug.Harishchandra maharaja had to sell his son & wife for dharma which was aacceptable according to that yug dharma but if the same thing is done in Kali tug, we know we need to serve time where.Just look at the recent SC judgement on Shabharimalai temple.Yug dharma modified by humans for their love and lust but not & cannot the dharma which is much powerful than fire.Drupadi is mostly mistook by many. Infact the way or method to understand Mahabharata is not exactly as is presented. All the episodes are encoded, and Vyasa left the job of decoding for us.Some claim her as having lust for Karna, some claim her and equate her to prostitute for having five husbands. And some say that she was the cause of war. It's very difficult to educate dharma to closed minds.She loves only Arjuna as far as love is concerned. Having five husbands is not true. This is an illusion as no one can share body with fire. The other four brothers were too born out of elements. So, she's a composite of five elements which enjoy fire. Her all sons were finished in Kurukshetra war. Here the meaning is clear that her purpose of birth is not to give birth but to annihilate adharma.She too was instrumental in clearing path for Krishna to reduce weight of earth. Karna insulted her in dirty Parliament and Drupadi can't be neither in love or lust for any one other than the ambivalent skilled Arjuna. Her role on earth was to be supportive to Krishna just like Balarama.	This is an interesting question. I vote for dharma, always. Note that Yudhishthira revealed that Draupdi loved Arjuna more after she fell down dead during their Mahaprasthana, the final journey. And that was the reason for her fall. So, Vyasa here expected that Draupadi should have treated all her husbands equally. No more, no less.Next, Draupadi had no role in deciding her marriage to the five Pandavas. It was predetermined. It was her fate, following a boon by Lord Siva given her in the previous birth.Since Arjuna won her hand in her Swayamvara, I think it is natural for Draupadi to love him a tad more. Note that the only consequence of this “partiality” was that she fell down dead first as did the four other brothers of Yudishthira. Yudhishthira alone ascended to heaven with his mortal body.It was a slight, very slight indeed, blemish on Draupadi. Vyasa accorded the highest possible stature to Yudhishthira and no other Pandava brother or Drauapdi were close!Hope this helps.-Vasu-	
When did Gita Gyan occur before the start of the war or during the war of the Mahabharata	The conversation between Lord Krishna and Arjun occurred before the beginning of the great Kurukshetra War.Arjun requested Lord Krishna (who was acting as his charioteer) to take the chariot between the two assembled armies.Arjun was overtaken by grief when he saw that his own kith and kin stood before him brandishing their weapons.Elders like Bhisma, Teachers like Dronacharya and Kripacharya-Arjun was so overwhelmed that he dropped his bow and refused to fight.At this point begins his conversation with Lord Krishna, who dispells all his doubts and reminds him of his duties as a warrior, purpose of life and beyond.This conversation was also witnessed by Dhritrashtra through the divine vision bestowed upon Sanjay by Lord Krishna.	
Were the Kauravas and Pandavas descendants of Bharath of Ramayana	No kauravas and pandavas are not related to Bharatha of Ramayana.There is a great misconception about three things -1. Why are kauravas and pandavas called as Bharathvanshis ?2. How did India get the name Bharath?3. Why the name Mahabharath?To understand this we must know that there are two Bharathas.Most popular one is the brother of lord Rama. Character of Ramayana.The other is the son of Dusyantha and Shakuntala. Character of Mahabharata.The name Bharath came not because of lord Rama's brother Bharatha rather it came because of the son of Dusyanth and Sakunthala named Bharath.Bharathvansis are descendants of Dusyantha’s son Bharatha and thus kauravas and pandavas are related to Bharatha.The Bharatha relating to Mahabharata and name of India ie Bharath was the son of Dusyantha and Shakuntala. It has nothing to do with Bharatha of Ramayana.	NoThey are descendants of Bharata, who is son of Dushyant and Shakuntala.	
Is there any meaning behind Sudama eating half of Krishna s food when they were younger	JaishrikrishnaSure there is depth behind this scenarioIt displays the importance of SHARING and value of FRIENDSHIP and also slavery of food which is very very important and main reason behind or for any good and bad deed	
Women like Meera and Andal referred Lord Krishna Perumal as their husband I never heard of a man devoted to a female god and referred her as his wife Why is that Is there any	Thanks for the A2A.It is a very interesting question.Let me make one statement clear. Only Lord Krishna or any other Vishnu tattva can be called as the Purushottama or the supreme or ultimate enjoyer. For example, Lord Rama is called the Maryada Purushottama, Lord Krishna is called the Leela Purushottama. Rest of the beings are all prakriti or to be enjoyed. Therefore, Lord Krishna alone is meant to enjoy everything else. We all are meant for His enjoyment or to be enjoyed by Him.So if you accept Lord Krishna as the Purushottama and dedicate your life to Him, it is perfect. However as rest of the beings including any male belong to prakriti, it is wrong to devote fully to them as they are not meant for our enjoyment but for Krishna’s.This can be viewed from another angle. Lord Krishna is full of rasas or mellows. We can very well connect with Him in any of the following 5 primary rasas:Santa rasa - treating God as neutralDasya rasa - treating God like own’s masterSakhya rasa - treating God like own’s friendVatsalya rasa - treating God like own’s childMadhurya rasa - treating God like own’s loverPlease note for any female like Durga, Laxmi, Saraswati etc, it is an offence to treat Them like our own lover . That will definitely spoil Their chastity.In fact other than Lord Krishna, we can’t maintain the above 5 rasas with anyone else. With Lord Rama, we can maintain all but Madhurya rasa. With rest of the gods, we can maintain only Santa rasa and Dasya rasa.Therefore we have seen many like Meerabai, Andal, Sakubai could treat Lord Krishna like their husband/lover.Hope this helps.Hare Krishna.	Once Meerabai went to Vrindavan to engage in a discussion about spiritual matters with Rupa Goswami, a direct disciple of Chaitanya and one of the foremost saint of Vrindavan that time who, being a renunciation celibate, refused to meet a woman. Then Meerabai replied that the only real Purusha in this universe is Shri Krishna.This is the reason why women like Meerabai considered Krishna as her husband. Actually He is the only Purusha and we all are Prakriti.He is the supreme enjoyer and the individual soul is meant to be enjoyed by Him. Prakriti also one, obedient to the Param Purusha Krishna. Prakriti is female and she is controlled by the lord just as the activities of a wife are controlled by husband.Gopis also understood this fact. Therefore they rejected their material husbands and accepted Krishna as their real husband.In Bhagwatam also it is written-My dear Lord, You are certainly the fully independent master of all the senses. Therefore all women who worship You by strictly observing vows because they wish to acquire a husband to satisfy their senses are surely under illusion. They do not know that such a husband cannot actually give protection to them or their children. Nor can he protect their wealth or duration of life, for he himself is dependent on time, fruitive results and the modes of nature, which are all subordinate to You. ( SB 5.18.19)In Chaitanya charitamrita Adi Lila 5.142 it is written -Kṛṣṇa is the original master or husband of everyone, and all other living entities, having taken the form of so-called husbands, or wives, are dancing according to His desire.A so- called husband may unite with his wife for sense gratification, but his senses are conducted by ‘ Hrisikesa’ the master of the senses, who is therefore the actual husband.Whereas Godddesses are also Prakriti who existed at the beginning of creature as internal energy of Lord therefore they are linked with virtues of motherhood. That’s why we call them as Mother Sita, Mata Lakshmi, Durga maa etc.	Rama Krishna parama hamsa did it.The creation is compared to female and the creator is compared to male. The creation is controlled by the creator. Generally the female is controlled by the male. Following this convention, the concept is represented accordingly. Goddess Lakshmi is pressing the feet of the Lord Narayana as a servant. Here some misunderstand this as the male domination. Since the male domination existed in nature, the concept is represented like that. This does not mean that the concept supports the male domination. Even in the ancient tradition, there used to be some cases of female domination over the males. According to that tradition God is represented by the female or Parashakti whose throne is carried by Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva on their shoulders.Sankara praises God in female form in Soundaryalahari in which it is stated that Brahma creates the universe from the dust of Her lotus feet, Vishnu carries it on His head and Shiva powders it and applies on His body as ash. (Taniyamsam Pamsum….). Here God is in the female-medium and the souls are in the mediums of males. Here Vishnu represents the soul and Adiparashakti represents God. Therefore the domination of male or female is not the point here, which may vary from case to case. But the domination of God over souls is the reality that is to be represented.Rama is God and Sita is the soul. Suppose two females or two males act as Rama and Sita on the stage, the domination of Rama over Sita on the stage should not be disturbed. The domination of anyone over the other behind the screen is not at all considered on the stage. Even if the dominating male acts as Sita and the submissive female acts as Rama, the domination of Rama over Sita on the stage is inevitable. Therefore the human incarnation whether male or female is the master and the human beings whether males or females are the servants.When the human incarnation of Durga appeared to kill Mahishasura, Durga is female and Mahishasura is male. You cannot give victory to Mahishasura since he is male and defeat to Durga since She is female. Let the dominations and suppressions of males and females be restricted to the human beings only as social problems and let them not enter and pollute the spiritual concepts.Similarly, the caste system. Krishna, the human incarnation is a non-brahmin. The sages who were Brahmins prostrated to Krishna. Even today, the Brahmin priests are washing the feet of the statue of Krishna and drinking the washings as pious water (Teertham). Rama was non-brahmin but Ravana was a brahmin. Rama is the hero who is the God. Ravana is the villain who is a demon. Because of their caste, the hero and villain cannot be interchanged. Datta, Vamana, Parasurama and Kalki are brahmins. Rama, Krishna and Buddha are non-brahmins. Therefore the human incarnation is the master, the other human beings are servants, and the caste system has no relevance in the spiritual field.Ravana was a male and a Brahmin. Gopikas were women and belonged to the backward caste. Gopikas were given Goloka which is the top most place. Ravana was thrown into hell. Even if you consider Jaya as the real actor in the role of Ravana, he became only the gatekeeper of the Lord. Therefore in the devotees also, the concept of male or female and the concept of caste system does not exist except the devotion proved by sacrifice. Gopikas proved their devotion by sacrificing butter (wealth), Dharma, children and finally they sacrificed even their lives by jumping into fire when Krishna left the human body, even though their husbands were alive! See the quality of devotion of Gopikas who were women of backward caste.See the state of Ravana who is male and brahmin. He desired for the wife of the Lord! He could not recognize Rama who was the human incarnation at that time and neglected Him as an ordinary human being. Ravana was a great scholar of Vedas and Shastras. The four vedas and the six shastras represent the ten heads of Ravana. He did unimaginable penance. He believed only in the energetic forms of the upper worlds. He never considered the human race. He thought himself as God due to the super powers attained by Him. Sudama was a male and a brahmin but stole the part of parched rice to be given to the Lord while both were students. Sudama was punished with severe poverty for that sin. Therefore the Lord Krishna proved that there is no caste or gender for Him except the proved devotion which is the sacrifice.Veda says that all the souls are females (daughters) only and the God is the only male or Purusha (Atha Purusho ha vai Narayanah, Striyah Satih Taume Pumsa ahuh –Veda). However if you call the soul as Purusha based on the root meaning that the soul or awareness is lying in the body (Puri sete iti), then God is called as Purushottama meaning that He is the best soul due to the extra presence of God. In fact the word Purushottama means the human incarnation. The best soul is also a soul. The human incarnation is also a human being. The best soul is also different from all the souls by some extraordinary point i.e. the extra existence of God. In the human incarnation, God exists beyond perishable external gross body and also beyond the internal permanent Jeevatma (Causal body with the subtle body which means the awareness with its waves). This is clearly stated in Gita while explaining the word Purushottama (Prathitah Purushottamah).My wife is called as Madhumati. Madhu = sweet and Mati = mind. This denotes the soul having emotional devotion towards Me. This word is not related to gender so that you can treat Madhumati as a female soul. Every soul is female only since it is a part of Prakruti. God is called as Purusha or Male. Husband (Bhartaa) means maintainer and wife (Bhaaryaa) means the soul maintained by God. The word Purusha ultimately means the unimaginable God only.Any incarnation is the mixture of Purusha and Prakruti. The Prakruti part of the incarnation is neglected and the incarnation is treated as the unimaginable God in mediated condition. The wife sitting by the side of mediated God represents the devoted soul or Prakruti or Shakti. The devoted soul can even command the God. Hence, approaching God through a soul is called as worship of Shakti. Shakti being a soul can understand the problems of another soul and hence is treated as mother. Purusha is treated as father. Madhumati is Saraswati (word), Lakshmi (materialised body) and Parvati (mind or awareness or energy). Madhumati means the soul approaching God with devotion in word, body and mind (Trikaranams). One should always understand the implied knowledge, which alone helps the effort (saadhana). In the word ‘Madhumati’ mind is given importance based on which only the word and body function.You need not doubt that God is represented in male form and not in female form. It is done so, following the traditional psychology representing domination of male husband over female wife. The psychology is simply followed, which is easily grasped by everybody. It does not really mean the real existence of domination of male over female. You are getting the idea of domination seeing only the form of medium and this medium is a part of creation or wife or female or Prakruti only! You can imagine that two ladies are acting in two different roles as husband and wife. Both the actors are basically females only. You can say that Datta (male form) represents unimaginable power (female) than unimaginable God (Male). Only following the traditional psychology of male domination, God is represented as male and soul is represented as female. The soul through climax of love becomes master and God becomes its servant as seen in the scene of Mahaakaali dancing over God Shiva (Datta)! Hence, spiritual knowledge based on the illusion of gender is meaningless! The unimaginable cause (taken as male unimaginable God or female unimaginable power) is the supreme master and the imaginable effect or soul (whether male or female) is the surrendered servant and this is the final conclusion. If the association of females or association of servants feel hurt, they should remember the scene of female Mahaakaali or previous servant dancing on God Shiva (Datta), the previous master. All these worldly political feelings of gender and slavery shall not reflect on the pure spiritual knowledge.	This is an important question. When someone is devoted to God, he sees God as someone who is protector and one who removes the fear within him. This point applies to both men and women. One who is intensely devoted to God, puts every burden he/she has to God and totally believes God takes care of him/her. Thus God has the role of the protector. A woman has her own belief that her husband protects her and she clings on to her husband when she is scared. And so the woman sees the Lord Krishna as her husband and in this way her protector also.When one is devoted to God, you can see God as your master, friend, parent or husband or in any other role but mainly one sees God as his/her protector. The wife is not someone whom the husband considers as his protector. The husband sees the wife as the person whom he has to protect or take care. I am sorry to point to the difference. But this difference is definitely marked. But the man can see the protector as his Mother and that is only too natural. Whatever be the age of a person, he is happy to have motherly love.Interestingly our poet Subramonia Bharathi sang poems on Lord Krishna seeing Krishna as friend, servant, master, king, parent, boyfriend, girlfriend which means in most of the relationships and one has the liberty to approach God in any form.	Yes there are few example in Puranas. But it is not encourage by the saintly persons.Shantanu Maharajah father of Bhisma pitamah had goddess wife named “Ganga”Sage Sheshirayan had apsara goddess wife “Rhamba”King Pururavas had apsara goddess wife “Urvashi”, etc.“I never heard of a man devoted to a female god and referred her as his wife. Why is that?”It is because goddesses cannot provide liberation to their human husband. They can only provide material pleasure. Moreover, that pleasure is temporary and is for short period of time.On the other hand, Only Lord Krishna can provide bliss and liberation to all living beings. Hence any person male or female who approached Him were benefited. Goddessess are energies of Lord Krishna and Lord Krishna is the possessor of all energies. Hence He is called Shaktimaan, One Who possess all energies. Therefore, instead of approaching the energy, it is always sober to approach the energetic.Thank you.	StrangeThe OP hasn't heard that when sati self immolated herself, the grief and anger that befall shiva led him to do tandav nritya. He was so dedicated to her that with her dead body he was doing tandav nritya and was on the verge of destroying the entire creation that Lord vishnu had to intervene.Even stranger is the OP also never saw a pic of goddess kali. When she was on a killing spree and destroying all evil and whatever comes in between good or bad, shiva her husband himself laid down before her and kali stopped when she stood on top of his chest and realised her own husband has come to calm her. Somebody has to be truly dedicated to lay down before his own wife.	According to Bhakti scriptures or Navavidha Bhakti says one of the attitude to attain God is ‘Dasya’ or servitude. In this, serving as the handmaid of God one attains him. This attitude tantamounts to visualising Divine as Purusha and serving him and not husband for the English word doesn’t really convey its true meaning. These women have purified their senses to such a degree there was no sense of lust in them. Meera says Lord Krishna is the only Purusha and rest of the creation (men too) as Prakriti and so he alone is the real husband.And as far as thinking Goddess as wife will not let him purify his senses and so the real purpose of worship which is called as Upasana i.e. to raise above senses is defeated and therefore She is worshipped as Divine Mother which is the highest symbol of purity that a man can ever conceive of.	Very beautiful question. The reason is also beautiful. Women are inhibitionless, simple, but very principled human beings. There can be no thing that can match the female aspect of the world.In the case of AndAL and MIrA, they have observed their fathers worshiping God in the Male form and simply, without questioning that belief follwed suit. They, being females, felt that the most secured way to worship lord as their husband, so that they won’t get wedded to mortals.In the case of males though they acknowledge god has both the Male and female aspects together, to consider god as wife they hesitate, as improper. This is the reason why this did not happen.	
What are some amazing facts about Duryodhana and Karna s friendship	Note -: All facts are taken from Mahabharata Translation By KMGHere are some facts about the friendship of Duryodhana and Karna.The only reason Duryodhan dared to challenge Pandavas for war was Karna. Duryodhana was very confident about the archery skills and the Astra Karna had in his quivers and this made him challenge his cousin brothers for a war.Karna helped Duryodhana in his every task he has done in his life. Karna had helped Duryodhana to marry princess Bhanumati by defeating all the princes and Kings came there for seeking her hand in marriage.Karna had helped Duryodhana to establish himself the king of the world by defeating all the kingdoms on the world and brought such huge wealth with him that not even Bhishma could manage to do before.Duryodhana had immense respect for Karna and there is not even a single incident in entire Mahabharata where he has shouted on Karna or said anything harsh to him. Even after the incident of chitrsena (A Yaksha King), Duryodhana never ever questioned the skills of Karna. He was sure that none in this or another world could match Karna in fighting skills and perhaps this was the reason why he became so much bad and egoistic.Karna declines to join Pandavas and accept the throne of Hastinapuram on the request of Krishna as Karna termed it dharma to back down from his words.Duryodhana wept like a child while Karna was killed and it was impossible for anyone to console him for the loss of his only true friend Karna.Karna was very loyal to Duryodhana or say indebted towards him for standing beside him when no one stood by him. he told Lord Krishna that he could sacrifice his wife and children and himself for the sake of Duryodhana and perhaps this was the reason that he used the only weapon he had in his arsenal to Kill Arjuna against Ghatotkacha Plundered the Kauravas camp in the night and was looking to kill Duryodhana.Duryodhana was an evil person who committed several heinous crimes against Pandavas and specially Draupadi and he got what he deserved for his deeds. But his loyalty and friendship towards Karna was Absolute.	Thanks for A2AUnfortunately I did not find amazing facts in this friendship.Motivated friendships never bloom into eternal bonding. Duryothana Karna friendship falls into this category.The day these two come together..For the world it was the day of Exhibition Of skills when these two officially became friends or rather projected that way before the spectators.Reality is something else. Karna was friends with Duryothana in the Gurukul itself. The Epic vouches the fact.Excerpt“The Vrishnis and the Andhakas, and princes from various lands, and the (adopted) son of Radha of the Suta caste, (Karna), all became pupils of Drona. But of them all, the Suta child Karna, from jealousy, frequently defied Arjuna, and supported by Duryodhana, used to disregard the Pandavas.”So this was the fact. Karna chose Duryothana in the Gurukul itself due to his jealousy for Arjuna,a child who is younger by fifteen years atleast.The drama enacted by both the friends on the day of the Exhibition Of skills was formal moreso to establish themselves as a united force before the Pandavas and elders. The give and take aspect which was the result of previous bonding Just cemented the friendship...that’s all. So the way the friendship came into existence can not be considered amazing.United in purposeThis friendship lacks commitment and trust.They were two individuals who sailed together only to achieve their common purpose. Both took delight in downfall of Pandavas. Duryothana utilised Karna ‘s services whenever he want like when he wished to abduct Kalinga princess.Karna ‘s earnest wish is to see Pandavas Specially Arjun at the receiving end. Duryothana fulfilled his desire.During the Dice game Karna was the one who enjoyed the situation the most. His arch rival was sitting helpless while he,Karna could humiliate his wife and get her disrobed.What Duryothana wanted Karna also desired the same with more intensity.People think it is Duryothana who did adharma and Karna was forced to follow him. False.Karna showed the way.Duryothan followed.It was Karna who asked Dussasana to disrob DraupadiIt was Karna who planned Ghoshayatra .Here are his words to Duryothana.ExcerptWhat happiness will not be his who, himself in affluence, will cast his eyes on Dhananjaya attired in barks and deer-skins? Let thy wife dressed in costly robes look at the woeful Krishna clad in barks and deer-skins, and enhance the latter's grief! Let the daughter of Drupada reproach herself and her life, divested as she is of wealth, for the sorrow that she will feel upon beholding thy wife decked in ornaments will be far greater than what she had felt in the midst of the assembly (when Dussasana had dragged her there)!"The earnest desire of Karna is to behold Dhananjaya in deer skin and Draupadi clad in bark and deer skins.He gave the idea,Duryothan got ready..for Ghoshayatra.lack of trust and commitmentKarna is not committed towards Duryothana.He left him at the mercy of Chitrasen and fled.Karna did not tell Duryothana that he is giving away his kavach kundal.Karna stayed away from war for ten days due to his differences with Bhishma ..while doing so he did not think about Duryothana who would lose the service of one of the maharathis for ten days.Amazing? How?In all the above instances Karna Just acted as an individual who prioritises his feelings first and act accordingly.People shout from the roof tops that he sacrificed his life for Duryothana.How? He fought war to prove himself better not for Duryothana.Infact he tried his best to prevent any kind of compromise between Duryothana and Pandavas. Had he tried to convince Duryothana against war,history would have changed its course.A good friend has to drive his friend towards safety,security and virtue but Karna did the opposite . He intentionally supported Duryothana in his ways of unrighteousness. After Ghoshayatra Sakuni advised Duryothana to make peace with Pandavas but not Karna. His ego did not let him do so.Even after his many defeats Karna kept Duryothana in delusion..that he can win over Arjuna. What he confessed before Krishna that Yudhishtir will win the war,Why didn’t he tell Duryothana? Strange.Bhishma,Drona,Kripa and Aswathama were real well wishers of Duryothana..they tried to show mirror to him.Karna may be a friend but he is not a selfless friend..So I did not find any amazing facts about such friendship.Source referencesBori Critical Edition Of MahabharataUnabridged Sanskrit versions of MahabharataKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parva CCXXXIVana Parva CCXXXVNilakantha Bhava Dipika	
What are some great debates that occurred in the Mahabharata	There are many great debates in Mahabharata,which you can read in other answers.If you are interested you can read the following dialogue in relation with Bhojaraaja and Kalidasa. This I have read somewhere.One day during walk both of them lost their way away from city. They wanted to go back to Ujjayini before night.They did not find any help. At last they found a saint sitting under a tree meditating. The king and poet were not sure about his knowledge. So they asked him egoisticly,Where does this road go?The saint opened his eyes,looked at them and replied,S- Road does not go anywhere. Travellers go over it.B&K- We are also travellers.S- Only Sun and Moon are travellers. Who are you really?B&K- We are guests.S- There are only two guests. Youth and Money. Who are you?B & K- We are orphans.S- Soul and fallen dry leaf only these two are orphans. Who are you?B &K- We are kings.S- There are only two kings. Devendra and Yamadharma. Who are you?B &K- We are losers. Kindly tell the road to -S-There are only two losers. One who has taken loan and the father of bride. Who are you?B&K- Kindly forgive us. We —-S- Only two can forgive. The earth and a woman. Who are you?By now both were repentant for their casual approach towards this wise man. They touched his feet with their heads.Now the saint said,I knew you are King Bhoja and Poet Kalidasa. Look there. That road straight way goes to Ujjayini. You can go. All shall be well.Deprived of their ego,both began their journey towards Ujjayini.	
If Karna has Kavacha and Kundala what would be the outcome of the Mahabharata War	Karna’s death and a lose for Kauravas.When the war was declared, Karna should have signed his final will and testament. Because his death is a conformity since his (mis)adventures at Parasurma’s ashram.Karna is cursed to get beheaded at the hands of some one who can rival him in power. So, in an all out war, Karna will die due to his curse, if there aree any powerful opponents.Karna is cursed to forget his knowledge of Brahmasthra when it is required. Required as in when Karna gains an upper hand in the battle and Brahmasthra can kill his opponent in one swift astra. Or it is the only defense that can save Karna(which has no possibility). So, basically, he could not do the killing blow with Brahmasthra on an equal footed warrior.Karna will not possess the Sakthi astra, if he had the Kavach and Kundal.So, high chance that karna would be beheaded by Ghadotkacha rather than live to reach Day 17. Meaning, Karna would be dead by Day 14 end. Either by Ghadotkacha or by Arjuna(as Karna did not have Sakthi astra, there is no reason for Krishna to avoid Karna).But since the kavach is made of Amritha, the divine nectar, Karna might not die after he is beheaded. Just like Rahu and Kethu story. But he will be totally disabled and as good as dead anyway. We saw conditional immortal(in Bhishma) disabled and conditional invincible(in Drona) getting defeated.Karna’s Kavach and Kundal would have only resulted in a lot of suffering for Karna instead of any advantage, due to his curses.	The Pandavas would have still won the war.For the following reasons, amongst I am sure many others:a) Since Lord Krishna was on their side, they would have won. Bhishma’s vow of ‘Icha Mrityu’, Karna’s Indra Shakti etc. , 11 Akshouni army of Kauarava’s which was much more than the 7 Akshouni army of Pandavas were of no use in the end.Bhishma by the way was vanquished fair and square by Arjuna. Despite Bhishma vow of Icha Mrityu, he was hurt and wounded so much by Arjun that not even a ‘two-finger breadth of space was there on his body where he had not been hit by an arrow’ . In such a situation how could a warrior with a boon such as Amratava fight. So what good would Karna’s so called Kavach and Kundala be.Source: KMG Mahabharata Edition - Search in Quora - you will find references.b) Duryodhana was given an Armour by Guru Drona during an encounter with Arjuna which was supposed to impenetrable. Even here Arjuna defeats him by wounding him and hitting him on the palms of his hands. Source: KMG Mahabharata Edition - Search in Quora - you will find references.c) Arjuna routed all the Kauravas, including Karna during Virata war. Even if we assume that during Virata Karna had already lost his Kavach and was not using the Vijaya bow (according to some Karna fans - why doesn’t Karna keep his bow handy for gods’ sake by the way ), Arjuna had put them all to sleep using Samohanaastra and during this state all of them can be captured - even if not killed as per warrior code.d) Arjuna had the Pashupataastra - or the nuclear deterrent during the war which he never used (on Jayadratha , the celestial Pashupataastra was not used - that was a weapon to end all wars ). It was just a weapon that Arjuna had but never used. If push came to Shove and shove came to losing everything and Arjuna had to use the final weapon of Lord Shiva itself which is mentioned to be the most powerful weapon, do you think a Kavacha or Kundala would have stood against it. Maybe so, maybe not. Most likely not, I would assume unless it is specifically mentioned that it can withstand even a weapon like Pashupata Astra which destroyed a whole planet - Tripura .e) Is the protection of Kavach and Kundala more than half of the Kaurava army including Maharathi’s such as Drona, Ashwathama, Karna himself , Kripacharya, Kritvarma etc. ?Because let’s not forget, Arjuna took out more than half the Kaurava army with support of Satyaki and Bhima in a SINGLE DAY , and none of these people could stop him from killing Jayadratha , to avenge his son. None of the Vyuha formation, protection of all these people could stop him. 7–8 Akshouni’s army of Kaurava’s was lost in that single day. So someone who could do that, are we saying he would not be able to find a way around a single armour to defeat Karna ?f) What were the properties of the Kavacha and Kundala? I have not found it specifically mentioned in KMG , Bori or any other proper text of Mahabharata which mentions that these 2 protect the wearer at all parts of the body against ANY and all weapons. There are many weapons which supposedly have no counter including Vaishnavaastra, Narayanaastra, Pashupataastra, Brahmashira etc. and so if they have no counter than how could the Kavacha and Kundala be effective ?. Or otherwise everywhere it should be mentioned that these weapons are useless against Kavacha and Kundala , which is very strange indeed , because that would make Suryadev perhaps the most powerful of all Devas and one who could even think of challenging the Trideva. At most , it appears logical that the Kavacha and Kundala are safeguards against just normal and non celestial weapons.Yes there is lot of hue and cry about these by many people in the Mahabharata . Even Lord Krishna talks about Kavacha and Kundala and how Indra exchanged them for the Shakti and why that was important. But keep in mind that Indra supposedly did a favour (without Arjuna knowing it or wanting it) but in a very fair way by exchanging the Shakti for these 2. However as soon as the Shakti is exchanged, it becomes the most critical thing in the war, with Lord Krishna sacrificing Ghatotakach to neutralise the Shakti. So by that logic the Shakti was actually more potent than the Kavach, because apparently nothing could neutralise it.What all this should tell a reader is that much of this is situational, hyperbole, poetic license and finally just Lord Krishna being very very careful with Arjuna. Sure in the end, he is god and can control all outcomes, but assuming his role as just advisor and Saarthi, he is being very careful with anything that can risk Arjuna or wound him - be it Ashwasena in form of an arrow, Indra’s Shakti , Vaishnavaastra shot by Bhagadutta. None of this Arjuna had to counter.Could Arjuna, counter them ? Perhaps yes, and speaking fairly we will never know for sure. But most likely he could considering he had every celestial weapon in the universe in his arsenal , considering he had even satisfied Lord Shiva with his martial skills. But Lord Krishna just didn’t want to take a chance. And that does not make the Kavach un-defeatable any more than it makes a Nagaastra or Indra’s Shakti Undefeatable.	If someone go in reality,one will find out that Karna’s Kavacha and Kundala, would have the huge outcome into the Mahabharata War. .For more to understand, one should indeed visit the following link : -Who is more powerful, Indra or Arjuna?One important thing, which is found out everywhere, that Arjuna without Lord Krishna. . . was nothing . . .this can be found out everywhere in Mahabharata ! !For example , on 17th day , before war going to be happened in between Arjuna and Karna, Arjuna said to Vasudeva Shri Krishna, after getting the confidence ,of doing fight against Karna ,that'With thee for my protector, O Govinda, and when thou that art acquainted with the past and the future art gratified with me today, victory is sure to be mine. Aided by thee, O Krishna, I can, in great battle, destroy the three worlds assembled together, what need be said of Karna then? I see the Pancala host is flying away, O Janardana. I see also Karna careering fearlessly in battle.Now, it’s interesting fact that Arjuna developed EGO in Archery, when he was just 14 years old, as described in Mahabharata, when all Pandavas lived with their parents. . in the forest . .Now, why did he develop EGO that he was best in the world in Archery ! ! !when he was just 14 years old . . . . ! ! !It’s a biggest question . . .whose answer should be found out . . . .And I found out as per my little knowledge that. . . he developed EGO, only because he was Son of Lord Indra, who had always EGO that his kingship could be grabbed away by anyone.There could be another possible reasons too of developing EGO, by Dhananjaya, and which should be found out. . ..:thanks:.:sources:. 1.@Karna Parva: Section 742.@Gita Press_Mahabharata	Nothing will change because if Krishna sent Kunti to Karn to beg life of Pandavas he can send someone else to beg kavacha kundala because he is there to control the war he knows everything so nothing will change the past. Because God Krishna decided to kill everyone when the insulted a woman in palace that time even Bheeshm didn't stopped it because when he opposed it Duryodhan said why did they put their wife as a bidding thing.Only Aswddhama opposed it that's why Krishna didn't killed him and didn't let anyone kill him.	The Kavacha and Kundala of Karna will not change anything at all. It is just an armor that does not make impact in a story.The reasons are because this armor of Karna was cut apart by a ordinary Metal sword, a sword that karna used.Here is the evidence/quote from BORI Ce’s text.Quote:He grasped his sharp sword and began to cut up his entire body. On seeing Karna cut up his own body, the gods, humans, danavas and masses of siddhas began to roar, because despite the pain, there were no distortions on his face. Celestial drums were sounded and divine flowers were showered down from above, at the sight of Karna, the brave man, smiling repeatedly as he cut up his own body with the sword. Having sliced off the divine armour from his body, while it was still wet, he gave it to Vasava.Analysis: According to bori he used a sword instead of the vasavi dart. So the kavacha kundala would break upon contact with a ORDINARY SWORD/BLADE.Source: Vana Parva Section 294	The war is about practicing the free will or adhering to righteousness….The outcome is to achieve better quality of life of people…And that's dependent on the output of the war…Whoever fights for the sake of the welfare of the mankind is surely supported by the soul absolute.. It is just a self healing… Hence even if all the arms and ammunition is there.. Success always elects righteousness only.. That's the established truth enunciated again in the epic Maha Bharatha also known as the fifth veda..	
Who is more powerful Indra or Arjuna	If someone go in reality,one will find that Indra is more powerful than Arjuna!How. . .? ?Here’s what Krishna said when Ghatotkacha was killed ,By good luck,Karna’s armour had been taken away By good luck,his earrings also had been taken away By good luck,his infallible dart had been taken away.Now, this infallible dart is the Lord Indra’s Shakti which Indra provided to Karna.And Indra said to Karna that this weapon is incapabale of being baffled.But. . But. . while giving the weapon, Indra said to Karna that. .'Thou shall slay such a roaring and powerful foe in battle. But that one whom thou seekest to slay, is protected by an illustrious personage. Even He whom sages verse in the Vedas call 'the invincible Boar,' & 'the incomprehensible Narayana,' that Krishna Himself, is protecting him!'Now, some people would say that Arjuna had the Lord Shiva’s weapon, due to which, Indra’s Shakti can be baffled easily !!Yes. . . . ! !This is what they believe. . ! !By understanding Lord Indra, & also the Lord Sun as the minor deity . .who said to his son Karna, that,"When furnished with thy ear-rings, Arjuna will never be able to vanquish thee in fight even if Indra himself comes to his assistance. Both these jewelled ornaments have sprung from Amrita. Therefore, they should be preserved by thee, if thy life is at all dear to thee.So, they believe that Lord Shiva’s weapon, Pashu-Patastra is more powerful than any other weapon including the ear-rings, and also the Indra’s Shakti.Ok, if this is so. . .then why is Lord Krishna saying to Arjuna on Kurukshetra thatIf Ghatotkacha was not to be slain by Karna through Indra’s Shakti, then I myself would have to slay Karna.Now, why did Lord Krishna have to give such a big statement!!!!Did Supreme Almighty Krishna not know that Arjuna already had Lord Shiva weapon plus other weapons !!Yes he knew, very well, but he didn’t glorify any other weapon which Arjuna had!Instead he directly said, I would have to kill Karna.Why ? ? ?Why did Lord Krishna have to give such a huge pstatement ? ? ?Why did he not glorify any other weapon to combat Indra’s Shakti ??Is Indra’s weapon more powerful than any other weapon ?I think. . .yes . . .Because In Bhagwat Gita , Indra’s weapon, is glorified :Among the weapons, I am thunderbolt : Gita verse, 10.28But at the same time, there is one more, great verse, which is glorified :Among the wielders of weapons, I am Rama : Gita verse, 10.31Now, if someone analyze both the verses, one will find out that , in first verse Indra is not mentioned, but his weapon is mentioned.But in second verse, Lord Himself is mentioned as wielding any/of weapon.For Example, in Ramayana, Lord Rama, just used grass as an arrow, to throw a demon, named, Maaricha ,into some other part of the world.And later this demon , came as dear, to be killed permanently by Lord Himself.Now, I have understood , why is there no mention of any particular weapon of Lord by Lord Himself as the best among all . . . in Bhagwat Gita . . .Now, I have understood , why did Indra have to say , while giving his weapon to Karna that, Arjuna is already under protection of Lord.Hmmmm. …. ..….So, Lord Shiva weapon is not glorified in Bhagwat Gita. . . . ! !Yes, Lord Shiva’s weapon is glorified by Lord Shiva Himself . . . ! ! !But in Mahabharata, not in Bhagwat Gita. . . ! ! !Also, Karna glorified the Lord Shiva’s weapon, but on 17th day of war . . .Possessed of greatness of soul, Arjuna gratified Mahadeva himself in fair fight, and obtained from him the terrible and mighty weapon Pasupatastra which is capable of destroying all the three worlds.He also glorified the Lord Krishna’s weapon, but on 17th day of warArjuna is, again, protected by that Keshava of great energy, who is Narayana himself and who is without a rival, that high-souled Vasudeva, that ever-victorious Vishnu armed with conch, discus, and mace.And Karna glorified both these weapons of Lord Krishna & Lord Shiva, when he didn’t have his own armor,ear-ring,& also Lord Indra’s shakti. . .So, now if some one carefully analyse all above the conclusions, one will find out that Karna’s armor & ear-ring is the most powerful shield, than any weapon.Lord Sun was not fool, who came in disguise form as Brahmin, and requested his son Karna about not giving this armor, ear-ring to anyone, otherwise you would lose your life.Did Lord Sun not know that Arjuna had all the powerful weapons???Of course, he knew, like he knew the purpose of Lord Indra of taking the armor and ear -ring of his son, Karna. .Lord Sun knew everything. . .But. . . .But . . . it doesn’t mean that Karna was impossible to be killed if he would fight with his armor, and ear-ring in Kurukshetra war.Because Lord Krishna revealed the secret to Arjuna after Gatotkacha’s fall thatFrom the desire of benefiting the universe, I am born, with thy assistance, to slay the enemies .Whenever and wherever there is a decline in religious practice, O descendant of Bharata, and a predominant rise of irreligion – at that time I descend Myself.Now, Karna had already born before all the five Pandavas, Kauravas, and also before the Lord Shri Krishna.So, did Lord Krishna not know that Karna had armor, ear-ring, since birth?Of course, he knew everything, because he gives the seed in every womb, that is,Whatever forms are born from all the wombs, of them the great -sustainer is the womb; I am the father who deposits the seed. - Gita verse 14.4So, it is futile to say that Karna can’t be killed!!!By Lord Himself!!thanks.sources . : : .1.@ What exactly did Lord Krishna say about Karna after killing Bhima’s son ? 2.@ Why people are confused in between Krishna & Rama?3.@ What is the DEPTH meaning of Bhagwat Gita Verse 10.31 by Lord Krishna?4.@ Why is Sun God considered as the first deity than rest all deities?5.@ Who are actually the Adityas and Rudras ?6.@ What is the basis of referring Lord Sun as Aditya ?7.@ If Arjuna and Karna had a fair fight, who would win ?8.@ What are the interpolations in Mahabharata regarding Lord Shiva ?9.@ What could be the more interpolations in Mahabharata ?10.@ Why even character Karna is interpolated ?	Arjuna beyond doubt because he was incarnation of Nara who had more cosmic power that all demi gods couldn’t disturb penance of Nara and Narayana. He was part of Vishnu or krishna himself. Arjuna had all weapons by which he could defeat Indra as he even had Pashupat weapon which was great weapon of Lord Shiva himself.There were Nivatkavacha demons whom Ravana and Indra couldn’t defeat but Arjuna alone destroyed them. Arjuna had acquired weapons of demi gods as well. He had weapons of Vishnu , Shiva and Brahma. He was a great warrior and had fought gods including Indra at Khandavvan.On the surface you might say that Indra was his father and a demi god while Arjuna was mortal and even his victory at Khandavan was result of Indra not trying too hard but the past of Arjuna places him on a different plane.Even as Mortal Arjuna he is said to be invincible and only Shiva could beat him as per Krishna, Shiva, Bhishma and Indra himself. Even Vyasa praises Arjuna stating that he was capable of feats which Indra couldn’t as he even though married was Brahmchari( follower of Brahma in this sense) in true sense.	Indra is the heaven God and he is the king of swarg. So, he is named a Swargadhipati, while, Arjun was his own son, but earlier, he was Nar in his previous birth. Nar- Narayan both lived at Badrika Ashram.Arjun was born here in special case for restoration of Dharma. Kunti was blessed by Durbasa Muni a Mantra by which reciting the Devta of that Mantra used to appear before her. So, once, Kunti recited the Mantra of Indra, and then God Indra appeared and blessed his own particle the son Arjun.So, due to the Nar Avtar and pupil of Sri Krishn, Arjun may be more powerful than Indra. But Arjun was the mortal one, while, his father Indra was the God of Heaven.But Arjun was a great warrior and he had got so many weapons or Ashtra of Lord Vishnu, Supreme Personality God head, Pashupastra Astra of Lord Shiva, and Brahma Astra of Lord Brahma, the creator of Universe.In fighting, except Lord Shiva, no one was able to defeat him, even though Arjun was mortal being. Once, during his journey to Khandva van, he had to fight so many gods, including Indra too. He had easily won the war with the blessings of Lord Sri Krishn. Then, Pandava had established their capital of Kingdom. Khandavprastha.So, being despite mortal, Arjun was more powerful than his father God Indra.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	Dad may let his son win, but dad is always dad!Indra is a divine shakti. Indra an immortal. Indra is Lord of Heaven. Indra has the resources of all the Gods and their celestial weapons at his disposal.Arjun is a mortal. In the Mahabharata, he survived only due to help of Hanumana and Shri Krushna. Countless times he would have perished due to powerful weapons that were fired at him. But the Shakti of Hanuman kept his chariot intact. On the last day, Shri Krushna asked Arjun to dismount before getting off the chariot and than Hanumanji leapt off the chariot. The Chariot burned and was reduced to ashes.	No doubt it's Arjuna. Arjuna defeated Indra in the war of Khandava forest.Indra asks for help of Arjuna to kill the Demons named Kalakeya and Nivatha kavacha.Arjuna fights equally with Shiva.And one more thing is Arjuna is combined with the power of Lord Nara(incarnation of Vishnu) and Indra.So Arjuna is more powerful than Indra.	Indra is already liberated and on the job of God's plan… Arjuna is a student in the path of attaining liberation..The message is that happiness and success will always be with righteous approach.. Rest is a skeleton without life…	
Why were all the great warriors of Hastinapur helpless in front of Shakuni Neeti	Warriors have their answers in battlefield not in court or in the mind games. Shakuni is an intelligent person. He comes up with amazing plans and is always ready with his cunning ideas to make the best out of any situation. No one can match his brilliance except Lord Krishna.Coming to your point, the great warriors of Hastinapur are bound by Dharma which is used as a weapon by Shakuni. He devised the game and rules in such a way that Pandavas and elders of Kuru dynasty couldn't take any action so as to keep their words and to abide by their dharma, while Shakuni has no such boundaries. He can go to any extent to achieve his goal. Moreover Pandavas respect elders and were not harsh to Shakuni. If they go with an eye for an eye idealogy, Shakuni would have died immediately after giving poison to Bheem. Pandavas never thought of doing harm to Kauravas and Shakuni while Kauravas and Shakuni ran after Pandavas all the time and tried to destroy them. So how would you compare Shakuni and Hastinapur warriors which is nothing but comparing Shakuni's brilliance with warrior's strength?Yes, all Hastinapur elders were helpless in front of Shakuni's plans and we need to appreciate him for this but remember he is on the wrong side.	Those in the path of spirituality will always see God's will in the surrounding world working through people and situations… And never make assumptions, assessments and assertions… They only knew that it's always better die practicing righteousness than live a sorrowful life running after illusions… They believed in dedicating the life for upholding the values… for the sake of welfare of mankind..There's nothing else but only God's neethi …	
Was Yudhister betting his wife Draupadi was Dharma or Adharma	Whatever happened in that assembly from the time, invitation was sent to Pandavas until Pandavas leaving for exile including Duryodhana conniving continually during the time of Pandavas’ exile and rejection of Krishna’s offer for truce, are all because of adharma. Let’s understand how.Duryodhana felt insulted when everyone in Maya’s maayaabhavan including Bheema (who he regarded as his prime opponent and an equal) and Draupadi (a woman whom he desired once, against whom he secretly held a grudge for she was won by his cousin brother in a Swayamvara), laughed at Duryodhana’s comical fall into a pool of decorated water. Yudhishthira, post this accident, offered Duryodhana new dress robes, jewelry, perfumes in appeasement, which Duryodhana rejected disdainfully and out of spite. He did not possess virtues of benevolence.Duryodhana misused his father’s filial love in making him believe that he would be pleased if his brothers were sent for, to play a game of dice. This was again adharma.The game of dice itself is regarded adharma. Gambling is adharma too. Among Kshatriyas, a challenge in competitive sport/ game/ war has to be respected as it becomes the question of honour. Yudhishthira had to accept the invitation despite many warnings by Vidura- who had come to invite Pandavas, Bheema and Draupadi- who were well versed in righteous conduct. Yudhishthira was trapped. His brothers and wife had to follow him.Shri Vaadiraaja, one of the chief exponents of Dvaita philosophy, in his literary masterpiece named Vaadiraajeeya, narrated a story wherein Duryodhana captured and imprisoned his maternal grandparents and hundred and six uncles of Gandhaara Kingdom, and starved them to death. Only Shakuni among them survived. Thinking how one uncle would bring harm to him, he let Shakuni be. Shakuni stayed back at Hastinapura, made dice out of the bones of his brothers’ and parents’ remains and used them in the ill-fated game of dice against Pandavas. This was all out of a secret spite Shakuni carried deep in his heart for Duryodhana and his brothers. Everytime the dice was played, it went in favour of Shakuni. Wasn’t this treachery - which is nothing but Adharma? And Yudhishthira was a gambler too. He kept pledging his riches, his army, his brothers, himself and then his wife to win back that which he had lost. Duryodhana kept provoking him to pledge more so that Yudhishthira could win back what he had lost. Yudhishthira lost everything. An emperor, who was the epitome of righteousness and righteous rule, who, in Dwaapara had established a kingdom reminiscent of Raama Raajya, fell from grace, lost his honour and earned sin of partaking in sin.The root of all this Adharma was Kali. Shri Vaadiraaja mentions: kalirAvishadEva, meaning kalih aavishat eva - “Kali had entered” not only the Dyoota Bhavana but also clouded the intellect of everyone except Vidura, Bheema and Draupadi, at the time when Dyoota began. Kali’s embodiment during Dwaapara was none other than Duryodhana. Kali in his original form is a demon worse than the worst of all the demons, Viprachitti (Jaraasandha). Duryodhana was not an ounce righteous. He bore every evil quality. He kidnapped women from swayamwara’s to make them his wives. He insulted Shri Krishna many times. He attempted to kill Bheema by poisoning during their early youth, connived to construct a wax palace to burn Pandavas and his own aunt alive inside it. He tricked Balaraama in agreeing to wed Subhadra to himself, although she went away with Arjuna. Thus, under the influence of Kali, Yudhishthira committed adharma by pledging everything he had in the game of dice.	This question is raised on the presumption that Pandu was residing in Hastinapur with his wives and Vidura was disrespectful for human relationships.In fact the incidences are such prominent that the answer will be negative.When Pandu conquered several kingdoms the wealth was also received by him which he had divided among three persons.Dhritrastra, Bhishma and Vidura got the bounty of the Pandu’s winnings.Then Pandu preferred to stay in the forest alongwith his wives and stay was quite long.To pass the time Pandu the king of Hastinapur, enjoyed the company of his wives and spent time in hunting.One day he hit the deer who were metting and finally got cursed because the deer happened to be a Sage. The curse made Pandu to leave the worldly pleasures and conveyed to Hastinapur that he would lead a life of ascetic.He with failure tried the queens to return but their devotion to the king Pandu was so great that he could not send them back.All three started penance and lived for quite long time observing penance.One day Pandu heard that without son, no one could rise to the highest regions after death and then he moved at the Shatshranga hill where he shared his painful exprience of undergoing a curse.The queens maintained distance from him but remained devoted to him whole heartedly.After a lot of struggle within himself, one day Pandu shared his feelings with Kunti that whosoever penance he was doing, in the absence of any son, he would not get the highest regions.Kunti was advised to approach some good Brahmana but she refused and shared her boon which she got from Sage Durvasa during early adolescence.Pandu encourage Kunti and advised her to invite Dharma.There is one more story of how Dharmaraj was cursed to born as human being.Sage Ani Mandavya is said to have cursed Dharmaraj to born as human and in his some part Dharmaraj took the birth as Vidura.Now the remaining part of Dharmaraj helped Kunti in begetting the son at the instance of Lord Shiva himseld because the past and present Indras were told in uneqivocal terms to take birth on the earth and kill and get killed so as to reduce the population of the man who had increased manyfold due to the long long sacrificial yajna organised by Dharmaraj and deaths had completely stopped.Thus in Part Dharma was born as Vidura and remaining Dharma begot the son upon Kunti and that son was none else but Yudhisthira.Thus Yudhisthira was not the son of Vidura and Kunti but was the son begotten by Dharma on Kunti on the soil of Pandu.	
Can anyone explain the Sanskrit shlok of Mahabharat which is starting सहेव धर्म सो धर्म	This is a an incorrectly written verse from the Rājadharmānuśāsanaparva section of the Śāntiparva in the great epic, Māhabhārata.After the great war is over, Yudhiṣṭhira is too saddened, dazed and perplexed about his duties and obligations, and questions Bhagavān Vyāsa about various dharma-s in general, and about the dharma of a king in particular.The verse quoted in this question is from Bhagavān Vyāsa’s discourse of dharma as a reply to Yudhiṣṭhira’s questions. To know its proper purport, we must know the previous verse, to which it is connected. He says,अदत्तस्यनुपादानं दानमध्ययनं तपः ।अहिंसा सत्यमक्रॊध इज्या धर्मस्य लक्षणम् ॥adattasyanupādānaṃ dānamadhyayanaṃ tapaḥ ।ahiṃsā satyamakordha ijyā dharmasya lakṣaṇam ॥“Not taking away things for oneself, that aren’t given voluntarily (non-stealing), charity, study of scriptures, penance - austerities, nonviolence, truthfulness, being free from anger and performing yajña-s are the features of dharma”.However, in the next verse, which is in question, he says,य एव धर्मः सोऽधर्मोऽदेशकाले प्रतिष्ठितः।आदानमनृतं हिंसा धर्मो ह्यावस्थिकः स्मृतः॥ya eva dharmaḥ so'dharmo’deśakāle pratiṣṭhitaḥ।ādānamanṛtaṃ hiṃsā dharmo hyāvasthikaḥ smṛtaḥ॥(Some versions begin this verse as ‘sa eva dharmaḥ’, but the above version in the BORI CE is more appropriate.)“According to differing time and place, what is dharma (enunciated in the previous verse) itself can become adharma (and vice versa, by implication); therefore, under such changed (special, extreme, adapted) circumstances (āvasthika), appropriating things (that aren’t given to oneself), lying, violence are (also) considered dharma”.Now, what could be those special circumstances when taking away things that aren’t ours, uttering lies, violence etc., can become dharma? Obviously when one’s own life or the lives of other innocent people are at stake. Stealing some food when oneself or one’s family is about to die of starvation cannot be judged as adharma ( remember Jean Valjean in Les Misérables who gets sentenced to 19 years’ imprisonment for the ‘crime’ of stealing a loaf of bread?!). Similarly, lying or violence (in self-defence, fighting some rogue) to save lives or disasters cannot be adharma. Another such special circumstance applies to a spy, soldier or a governmental bodyguard, who steals or lies or resorts to violence (James Bond has a ‘licence to kill’) in the service of his country; he cannot be tried in a court of law of his own country for practicing ahdarma! Other than such extreme or special circumstances, the dharma enunciated in the first verse alone invariably applies. :)As always, there lies in this verse the danger of wicked people turning an exception into a rule. This exception cannot be twisted to justify some crafty, selfish scheming!	It is called Black religion like hindutuva , voodooism etc…	Visit and access - www.yatharthgeeta.com	
Did Krishna only have sons Only boys are shown in the list of 80 children	Rukmini's daughter with name Charumati (चारुमती) is alone mentioned in Srimad Bhagavata (10.61.24) as the daughter of Lord Krishna. She is said to have married Kritaverma the King of Bali.But according to His Divine Grace A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, Lord Krishna had a daughter by each of His wives numbering a total of 16108.	Sri Krishna had 16108 wives.each wife gave birth to 10 boys and 1 girl .so for total number of children it needs calculation. This was possible only because He was Narayana, the Lord supreme.	In the Bhagavata purana, it is said that Krishna had, with each of his 16008 wives, 10 sons and 10 daughters.	
If Karna was equal to or superior to Arjun in archery then how was everyone able to defeat him	Karna, was an unsung hero. For me, he was the strongest warrior after Krishna,Parashurama,and Bheeshma.Krishna himself says to Arjun, that Karna is either equal or even stronger than you.Let us start from his birthHe was born to Surya and Kunti which was before Kunti's marriage(this was due to the mantra of Durvasa rishi)Karna was discarded by Kunti and was raised as a charioteer's son from his birth. This part of the story became the base of his conflict.Adhirath, his foster dad, named him Vasusena.It was guru Drona who named him Karna.He , from childhood, wanted to become an archer( The Kshatriya blood you see).When ever he tried to bloom, he was suppressed and surpassed by just one word, Sutaputra(Son of a charioteer)Duryodhan befriends him initially and uses him as a weapon against the Pandavas. Later their friendship bloomed to such an extent that the became brothers.However he was best human beings to live on earth since he perfectly followed his dharma, empathized with general people, attained the title of Danveer.Before the war, Krishna and Kunti break the secret to Karna about his birth and forces him to join the Pandavas as he was the eldest among them. To which he replies, “ O mother, if my secret is reviled, thy son Yuddhishtira will give up his throne for me, or Duryodhana will gave the crown to me. To establish Dharma back, I cannot become the King. Hence let the war happen. I promise you, that before the war you had 5 sons. And after war also you will have 5 sons. If Arjuna Kills me , there wil be five Pandavas, if I kill Arjuna, I will join the Pandavas.”On the 16th day, after Drona and Bheeshma’s death, Karna becomes the commander in chief. On the 17th day Karna started destroying the army of Pandavas. Seeing all this devastation Krishna played a masterstroke and brought Arjuna directly in front of Karna. An unforgettable war started, weapons started clashing and earth started withering down. Krishna knew that Karna cannot be stopped as long as his Vijaya bow is his in his hand. Hence he implemented the curse of Parshurama, Bhoomi devi and the Brahamana all at once. Karna's chariot got stuck in the mud. Out of desperation he requested Shalya his charioteer to get the wheel out the mud, but when Shalya refused saying that he is king and is unfit for these tasks, Karna took upon himself the burden of freeing his chariot. The valiant warrior dropped down his bow and arrow, jumped from his high chariot and touched the ground with his full intensity. He started removing the wheels of his chariot from the mud but destiny had other plans and all his strengths started to nullify. Lord Krishna knew that this is the only moment when Arjuna would be able to defeat Karna and hence ordered his disciple to launch Anjalika astra. Arjuna though unsure, followed his lord's command since he was aware of the full existence of Krishna and believed Krishna's word to be the ultimate truth. reluctantly he released the dangerous weapon and decapitated the most glorious warriorWhy was he defeated???Arrogance and Ego:- He wanted to be better than Arjun, insulted Draupadi during Vastra haran.He followed his Dharma. He never cared how he following his Dharma would affect the world. Hence his Dharma eventually became a support to Adharma.Lying. He lies to Parashuram that he is a Brahmin and gains education from him. Hence Parashurama curses him.Why I like him??Humble and a Servant for mankind:- No one can deny that he was the epitome of selflessness. He even parted away with his Kavach which was his own body part and strength.Sharp and Can control emotion :- Even Arjuna doesn’t have the power to convert his emotions into a weapon. Karna could channelize his emotions and make it his strength.The more you brake someone the stronger he gets :- Karna had a the toughest childhood. Born as a Suryaputra- Kaunteya but had to live as a Suthputra-Radheya. He was demoralized by Bhishma, Draupadi, Drona, etc. But this did not weaken his personality. He roseup like a Phoenix , more powerful than ever, in all these situations.The selfless friend:- He who was ready to give up his life for his friend, he who was ready to kill his own blood for his friend, he who was ready to struggle for his friend, is the greatest person. He elevated the very meaning of friendship.	
Why is Arjuna considered a great warrior when he was easily defeated by Shiva Karna his son Babruvahana and ordinary robbers Why couldn t Arjuna kill anyone without deceit	Question itself got the JNU traitShiva is Lord ,One amongst the Trinity Almighty , Kirata Parva says about Arjuna putting up a brave fight with Lord even after his sword broken like Pappad while slamming to Lord’s Head.Karna Never defeated Arjuna , For your understanding, He had many famous retreats and defeats facing Arjuna .Maharishi Vyasa dont mention Karna defeating Arjuna any where .(Your favorite Serial dont show that )BabruVahana ( is an interpolation ) was an avatar of Prabhasa and Goddess Ganga wanted to kill Arjuna through Babruvahana in revenge for Bhisma’s death .After all Arjuna was mortal unlike the “un defeatable” “righteous” Immortal” Generous” Karna.Krishna left to His Abode Vaikunta at around 125 human yrs and Arjuna was younger to him around 1 year so at 124 years even that time people cant do agriculture and marathon or Nascar racing and (Dasyus) Robbers robbed wealth and ladies of Yadava clan while Arjuna unable to invoke divine weapons.Arjuna in his whole life time being avatar of Nara Rishi lived a simple life stressing on dharma along side the Almighty Vishnu avatar Krishna as his friend .and advisor .( Also keeping in mind Karna can defeat and “kill” both Vishnu and Shiva by just one arrow !! )Correction :Thanks Shri Akash Yadav for the age correction	
What is the role of Drona in Mahabharata	What is the role of Drona in Mahabharata?If Dronacharya had not given teachings in the science of weapons, the Kaurava and Pandavas would still have fought the war and all the kings also would have fought siding one or the other party.Thus Dronacharya is not an architect of the war.Then why the Drona Parva?Vaishampayana states, whoever reads and listens the Parva attains higher regions.Dronacharya though got half of Panchala kingdom through Arjuna, yet he had adhered to the services of Dhritrastra appears to be mysterious.The continuance of service of Dronacharya and Ashvatthama with Dhritrastra and Duryodhana proves that he never wanted to be king by their own nature or if they can be supposed to be so then the hunger of Ashvatthama had deep and unforgetable imprints in the mind of Dronacharya that he prefered to remain heavily indebted for giving him the place to stand with respect and also choose his death with all praises and pride.Dronacharya made the Chakravyuha and in that the dearest son of his most loved desciple had been killed but Dronacharya does not appear to have ever repented at any time.This is very much against his study of Veda and thus the reactive utterances of Bhima and Nakula, Sahadeva are perfectly in lines and Lord Krishna if planned as how he could be killed has no bad thought of any sort.Moreover he cut the sword and shield of Abhimanyu though facing him and better than Karna who cut the bow from behind, Dronacharya could not get much of respect from Bhima and other two Pandavas except Arjuna and to some extent Yudhisthira.Eagerness of Dronacharya in advising Duryodhana to arrange hastily to get Pandavas searched before they complete the period of 13th year of Agyatvas can not be said that Dronacharya was very eager to see back his most loved pupil Arjuna.This instance proves that Dronacharya had accepted the position lower to Karna and same thing was with Kripacharya.Bhishma still was in better position but Dronacharya had virtually become the paid servant of Duryodhana and whatever he bitterly spoke to either Duryodhana or Dusshasana, only shows his helplessness even when he was never so.Dronacharya expedited the ferocity of the war.He even gone to fight during the night time.	In the epic Mahabharata, Droṇa or Droṇāchārya or Guru Droṇa or Rajaguru Devadroṇa was the 3rd incarnation of Brahma and was royal preceptor to the Kauravas and Pandavas; an avatar of Brihaspati. He is the friend of Guru Sukracharya, the teacher for Asura Mahabali.Sanatana Dharma is the original name of what is now popularly called Hinduism or Hindu Dharma. The terms Hindu and Hinduism are said to be a more recent development, while the more accurate term is Sanatana Dharma.For More Information Please Visit Us At:Contact Us | Eternal Hindu	
What is the role of Karana in the Mahabharata	Although born to Yadav Princess Kunti as a result of ‘divine virgin birth,’ with blessings of the Sun God, Karna was raised by a family of charioteers and hence, suffered lifelong humiliation for having lower social status.thegreatindianepicHis was a life full of trials and tribulations. Had the turn of events, right from his miraculous birth and education to alliance with the Kauravas and death in the battlefield shifted even a bit, this warrior would perhaps have far surpassed Pandavas in popularity.Here, we present before you a set of 23 lesser known facts about this warrior:1. Karna was adopted by Adhiratha (and his wife Radha) who found him by the riverbank after the frightened virgin princess (Kunti) decided to let go of her firstborn and flew him down the river in a basket.She was afraid that hardly anyone would believe the ‘divine virgin birth’ story. From birth, the child had divine earrings and a vest that would protect him from all dangers, including all kinds of weapons. She prayed to the Sun God to protect their son and lowered the basket into the river.sparkADVERTISEMENT2. Adhiratha, Karna’s foster father, was charioteer of Pitamah Bheesma.indiaopines3. Adhiratha warned the young lad against practicing archery.Only the Kshatriya clan (the warrior class) had this privilege. Adhiratha feared that his son, due to his divine vest & earrings, and a possible superiority in archery over princes, could easily offend the high and mighty in the capital.blogspot4. But Karna had an unquenchable thirst for learning the art of war, and archery in particular.indiaopines5. So, he pleaded with Guru Dronacharya (master of advanced military arts) to accept him as a disciple; Dronacharya refused to train Karna due to his low social status.The royal preceptor to Kuru princes, Dronacharya even insulted Karna for aspiring to learn military arts alongside the royals despite having come from the family of charioteers. Obviously, the young boy was infuriated. He swore to become a disciple of the one who trained Dronacharya himself. On that very day, he was on his way to Parshurama’s abode.quoracdn6. Karna tried to fool Parshurama into believing that he was a Brahmin.He faked his identity to become a disciple of Parshurama, a legendary Brahmin warrior who had earlier trained Guru Dronacharya and Pitamah Bheesma.Although it is hard to believe that a saint and warrior of Parshurama’s stature would get beseeched by Karna, the sage anyhow agreed to train the young boy in military arts.onlineprasad7. Later, when it became obvious that Karna had lied, the great teacher cursed him that he’d lose all his knowledge and training in military arts just when he needed it the most.An honest confession by Karna could not save him from the wrath of Parshurama.ritsin8. Karna had already acquired Brahmashtra mantra from Parshurama by then.speakingtree9. For having killed a cow by mistake, he was cursed a second time by a Brahmin.The Brahmin, whose cow had died, cursed Karna – ‘The wheels of your chariot will get stuck in the mud, just like the feet of my cow, when you would need it the most.’ The curse later conjured at the scene of his death.blogspot10. Later on, Karna tried to use Brahmashtra, the ultimate weapon against Arjuna during the war but couldn’t invoke the sacred mantra.This was the moment when Parshurama’s curse materialized.quora11. Karna, after having learnt everything he could from Parshurama, returned to Hastinapur and challenged Arjuna for a duel.Karna showed up during military arts demonstration by Kauravas and Pandavas in the arena when Dronacharya proclaimed the Pandav prince Arjuna to be the greatest archer on the planet. There was no way Karna could accept Arjuna, a disciple of Dronacharya, to be the greatest archer.The spectators, royals and elite at the arena insulted Karna for challenging a prince despite having a lower social status.Duryodhana, sworn enemy of Arjuna and his brothers, saw in Karna a counterweight to Pandavas. He at once declared Karna as the king of a small state, putting concerns regarding his social status to rest.On this day Karna, although a great archer, was humiliated by one and all in the capital, in front of his foster parents and Kunti, his biological mother.For having stood by his side, Karna swore to forever serve Duryodhana.radiosai12. Though he had all the wisdom to see through Duryodhana’s ways, he refused to do anything against the prince, right unto his death!quoracdn13. Karna was aware of the fact that Duryodhana and Shakuni had hatched an evil plan to burn Kunti and Pandavas alive at Lakshagrih.Grieved, he went home to his parents Adhiratha and Radha. Fond of Kunti (his biological mother) as a motherly figure since his childhood years in the capital, he ended up passing on a hint about the plan to Adhiratha.Adhiratha informed Pitamah Bheesma, who in turn headed straight to rescue Kunti and Pandavas. By then, all 6 of them had escaped.Karna, anyhow, was saved from the sin of partaking in an evil plan, designed to murder his kin.blogspot14. Upon learning the great dilemma Karna was in for having sworn allegiance to Duryodhana, his father Adhiratha advised him to absolve himself of sins by donating his wealth and belongings to the needy.This is how Karna acquired the name Daanveer – a hero with undying charitable nature.indiadivine15. At the right moment, before the war began, Indra showed up as a Brahmin and demanded the protective gear as donation from Karna.Even though Karna was well aware of this treacherous plan, he still decided to rip apart the divine vest & earrings and hand them over to Indra, the spiritual father of Arjuna.quoracdn16. Pleased with the donor’s generosity, Indra handed over amogh shakti (a weapon that won’t miss its target) as boon to the donor.No mortal could have had the courage to do what Karna did on the eve of Mahabharata. So, Indra was obliged to reward him with the finest weapon.hindulegends17. Upon Duryodhana’s advice, Karna was all set to kill Arjuna in war on the 11thday but amogh shakti had to be used on someone else the night before.Lord Krishna knew well that Karna would use the weapon on Arjuna. The battle on the previous night continued beyond sunset and that’s when Lord Krishna advised Bheema to call in his son, Ghatotkach (a brave warrior who was half demon, half human) to unleash hell on Kaurava army during the wee hours of night.ancientvoiceA helpless Duryodhana had to request Karna to use amogh shakti on Ghatotkach instead. Arjuna’s life was thus saved.blogspot18. When Lord Krishna revealed the truth about his birth to Karna, and asked him to join the Pandava camp – it was Karna who had requested him to keep all this secret from his brothers.“They might not fight me, if they hear the truth,” he said.ytimg19. Kunti requested Karna not to kill any of his young brothers i.e. Pandava princes in the war; Karna obliged his mother’s request by telling her that he’d only kill Arjuna and no one else.He had several opportunities to kill other four Pandava princes but spared their lives.pinimg20. According to a legend, Draupadi had a secret liking for Karna.The same was disclosed in a story in which Draupadi reveals the names of men she has loved to a tree, in order to save herself from the wrath of a meditating saint.vamadevananda21. Even though Yudhisthir had the right to perform the last rites of Karna, the same was overruled for Dhuryodhan who had been more close to him all his life.It was Lord Krishna who performed the last rites of Karna.oneindia22. Karna’s wife Vrushali committed sation the funeral pyre of Karna.In South India, a famous play titled ‘Kattaikkuttu’ is staged on the life events of Karna.	1st of all, He was Karna not karan.Now, let's come to actual answer.As everyone knows that Karna was eldest brother of Pandavas but he still fought on the side of Kaurav without revealing his identity to anyone. And there were very few people who were aware of fact that Karna was a Pandav.He was trained in archery by Lord Parsuram. He was one of the greatest Archer of that time. Even he was more powerful than Arjun.Now let's talk about his importance.As he was greater Archer than Arjun. Duryodhan used to trust him more than any character in Mahabharat. Because he couldn't trust Dronacharya or Bhisma as both were biased towards Pandav from beginning. Duryodhan knew that both of them didnt want to harm Pandav. He had only Karna who he could trust. As he was aware of the ego problem between Karna and Arjun. Karna from beginning wanted to prove that he was the greater Archer than Arjun. Duryodhan made war inevitable only because of Karna. So one importance of Karna in Mahabharat was to make war inevitable.As Mahabharat is longest poem ever in history. It is full of different powerful character. So Ved Vyas wanted to create a character in the side of Kaurav who could be pitied by people of both sides.3rd thing is that Ved Vyas always to wanted to make Kaurav side more powerful than Pandav. So he put all the 3 greater Archer than Arjun in Kaurav side . But 2 of them were completely reluctant towards war. So he chose Karna. Because if Kaurav weren't more powerful than Pandav then there would no need of Lord Krishna in the Kurukshetra.And Ved Vyas also wanted to show that one reason of war was ego. Because every time there was interaction between Karna and Arjun you can see their ego pumping out.I think that would be enough.Thank you for scrolling down.Have a nice day.	Thanks for A2A,Karna is one of my favourite character of mahabharata.Karna was born to be an example for the world.He had power, kindness, strength, knowledge, powerful mind and what not!!But he spent the whole life to just prove himself against arjun, he could have fought for people like him who had power but caste system never made them shine. But no!! his greed to be known as best Archer finished life and killed hope of many people.He never took his decision but just followed to duryodhan who used him for self benefit, and thus how a valuable soul an incredible soul who could have been proved as inspiration for many died gaining nothing.	Among the many symbolisms of Mahabharata, Karna can be looked at as a distraction to what a human when he/she is searching for their destiny. So is every competition. The true essence of this whole epic as revealed in the “divine song” is about proactiveness vs reactiveness. Karna represents immense potential and but caught in the loop of trying to overcome just one foe. It consumes him completely and results ultimately in the negation of the glory and success that could have been.Arjun, perhaps not such a talent, avoids this obsession and focuses on acquiring tools as means to an end that favours humanity and life in general. The 'divine' guide him (can be seen as nature/universe/the Purush) siding the right cause. Eventually comes out as the last man to stand in the showdown, no matter what.There are many other representations and perspectives of course. Happy to read on.	Karna was one of the Karanas / contributors of :Poisoning BhimaLakshagruhaInsulting Draupadi and insinuating the vastra haranaAttacking Abhimanyu from behind and disarming himInstigating war / hatred for the Pandavas	
What is the purpose of life as per Mahabharata	Truth, knowledge and wisdom about God is the purpose of life.If one knows the above three, there is nothing else to know. Here knowledge means the knowledge to know about God. Don’t be confused. Knowledge here means not material knowledge but of spiritual knowledge. With wisdom, one can get knowledge and through it only one can attain moksha the state where there is no re-birth is required.Without these, material life is no doubt necessary but one has to work keeping the above in mind. In course of time, he will attain the lotus feet of Parameswara. That is the ultimate goal of any person.	
How would the five Pandavas feel if they will time travel to this generation	They may feel extremely bad as they have sacrificed their everything for dharma, to establish dharma they lossed everything from their family members to their loved one, but today if they arrive they will find all adharms everywhere, they will find their effort and sacrifices went waste.They will certainly be hurt.	
Who is Sahadeva in Mahabharata	Sahadev was the youngest brother among the Pandavas. Although he was considered to be the son of Madri and Pandu, Sahadev was born when Kunti shared the mantra to beget a son with Madri and Madri invoked the Ashwini kumars. Nakul and Sahadeva were the sons of Ashwini Kumar- the God's of medicine and Madri. Therefore they were knowledgeable in medicine and treating wounds. Sahadev was adept at astrology and could foresee events in life.There is a story that claims that when Pandu was dying he asked his sons to eat his organs to gain wisdom. Sahadev was the only one who offered to eat Pandu's brain. Therefore he was blessed with clairvoyance. Sahadev even knew the consequences of the Kurukshetra war before it began. It is said that even Duryodhan approached Sahadev to know the auspicious time for starting the war.	
Who wins at the game of dice in the Mahabharata	Duryodhana's maternal uncle, the crown prince of Gandhar rajya, Shakuni wins the game of dice in mahabharata by using false means in the game.	2 time kaurav & 3rd time pandva	
What are some good fictional novels on Mahabharata	These two books are in Malayalam( I hope you can get the English translation)Randamoozham by M.T. Vasudevan NairIni Njan Urangatte by P.K. BalakrishnanThe former is the story retold in Bhima’s perspective. In the latter one, the story is unveiled through Draupadi. Both are very good reads.	some good must fead fictional books on mahabharat are:-The Mahabharat secret18 days- The MahabharatThe palace of illusion (my favourite)Jaya- the illustrated retailing of mahabharatHope you like them..happy reading	
What are the reasons for the Game of Dice in the Mahabharata	Duryodhan once planned to kill all Pandavas sent them to Varanavatam and made them stay at a wax house and tried to burn them alive. But Pandavas escaped and they lived for some time in disguise in Ekachakrapuram. Later they married Draupadi and returned to Hastinapur. Dhrutarashtra did not have any option except to give some share in the kingdom and asked them to move to Khandava Prastha. Pandavas built a new city called Indraprastha and they constructed a beautiful court hall called Maya Sabha. Then as per advice of Sages Narada, Vyas and Krishna, they performed Rajasooya Yaga and invited all the kings including Duryodhan and his allies. The grand function went on well and Duryodhan was very jealous about the prosperity of Pandavas. Further, he faced an insult in Maya sabha by falling into a water pit. Remember that Pandavas did not insult him and it was because of his illusion. After returning to Hastinapur, he could not bear the development of Pandavas and he owed to destroy them at any cost. That was the reason for sending invitation to Pandavas to play the game of dice despite efforts of elders such as Bhishma, Vidura and other to stop the proceedings. The rest of the story led to the great war.	
Are characters like Arjuna found in Mahabharata epic possible in real life today	Meet Mr Arjunan Pandurangan:He lost his father Pandurangan at young age and his mother toiled a lot to bring up her 5 children (actually 3, the other two were her step children) up single handedly.Arjunan was an extremely affectionate boy. He loved his brothers so much. His eldest brother was very sensible, soft-hearted and always righteous ; Arjunan always felt that his elder brother should be obeyed and respected. This quality ran in his blood.Arjunan and his family fortunately could get back their rightful share of ancestral property (quite a sizable property that could wipe out their poverty totally) belonging to his father, from the father's elder brother.Arjunan and his brothers were now able to get very good education and comforts in life. Arjunan was extremely brilliant, far more than any of his brothers and he excelled in his studies. Software programming came to him naturally and he was virtually a child prodigy in software coding.Arjun and his brothers were strongly hated by his cousins (Arjun's father's elder brother's sons) because they felt that their father had to unnecessarily share their huge wealth with Arjunan and brothers. They always tried to do some damage or other (including threat to their peaceful living) to the 5-brothers.Using a fraudulent case, the cousins managed to evict Arjun and brothers from their property. Fearing threat to their lives (which could not be proved in a court case) Arjun bros. had to flee from their homes along with their mother overnight.Arjun took part in an international coding competition and won a grand prize, quite a huge amount. By the advice of his mother, Arjunan officially shared the money that he won equally with his 4 brothers with proper documentation. This way, the mother ensured a strong bonding and a security for their wellbeing.Based on good counseling, Arjunan's father's elder brother decided to withdraw the fraudulent property case and gave the property back to Arjunan and bros.But the cousins were extremely unhappy. They became all the more envious of the prosperity of the 5 brothers. Again they schemed to cheat the brothers by hooking the eldest brother who was rather naive into betting and gambling and turned him into an addict.Arjunan and bros. again lost all their wealth in betting. Due to elders' mediation, they agreed to stay away from claiming their property lost in gambling for 13 years. Thankfully, they managed to get back the prize money that Arjunan had won and shared with his brothers.Despite all the troubles and tribulations, the 5 brothers somehow remained united always.Arjun revived his friendship with his distant relative Krishna Chaitanya who was a rich married man, but considered a great yogi. Actually, this friendship proved to be the greatest boon in Arjunan's life because the yogi became extremely fond of Arjunan and went out of the way to help him and his brothers in all the future happenings in their lives.I hope you will find some 'reasonable' reality in this story and an answer to your question too!	Every soldier fighting in the border, farmers and workers toiling in the field, teachers educating young Indians, bank men serving people in interiors, doctors treating patients without self interest and engineers building a new India are no less than Arjuna fighting in the battle field of Kurukshetra.Arjuna was fighting the war to protect his Kshatriya Dharma. So also all people who build a vibrant India protect the country from all evils that confront the Nation without caring whether they win or lose the war. They are the real Karma Yogis as propounded by Lord Krishna.	
In the Mahabharat every king has 2 or more wives and all characters are born in very different manners What can we say about their morality	Thanks for A2A,I don’t think morality has anything to do with number of marriages or birth process of a person. Pre marital sex or being in multiple relationships are debatable topics and all have different opinion on them. In society which we live even divorce is considered immoral and both parties be it men or woman are shamed. But is morality all about sex ?What is moral in staying in a forced relationship?What is immoral in marrying twice?Are these things more immoral then rapes or acid attacks which happen in our times?First of all Kings used to marry out of lust, love or necessity. Mostly out of necessity as it secured alliances. This tradition was prevalent in kings till independence so it is not just Mahabharat era tradition. Mughals -Rajput alliances are not less immoral by that standard or any other where woman were just tool of bonding between empires.Point is not whether the person married once or twice or even abducted the bride. That is tradition of a period but how he treated her post marriage and how he balanced multiple relationships. If a person mistreated his wife then that is a problem. But then again we cannot expect men of those times engaged in politics and war to be good family person. Even sons were tools of carrying their lineage and empire. A son who could die in battlefield was considered real son instead of someone waiting for his father to help him in his studies like present times.Now, the strange births is not that important in my opinion. If you are rational they were all propaganda to create an aura of fear and mystery. If you have faith then they were all born with divine purpose. Both ways it works. Reproduction has been necessary activity and evolved with time.What defines morality is how they treated their people.Even if they did mistakes like Yudhishthir doing sin of betting his wife , Did they repent like he did?Did they ever question the norms of their society or follow them blindly?Did they work for betterment of the people or not?	
Did anyone know that Shakunis dice are made of his fathers bones	Yes….. It's quite a long storyKing Dhritarashtra arrested Shakuni and his family for cheating him by getting Gandhari married to him without telling the truth that Dhritarashtra was her 2nd husband (actually her 1st husband was a goat….they married her to it because of some Hindu's rituals)Dhritarashtra made the punishment severe by giving just handfull of lunch to Shakuni and his family for a dayLike Duryodhana…. Shakuni also had 99 brothers with him…. Being more tortured Shakuni's father ,Shubala , wanted to take revenge on Dhritarashtra….So he gave a test to all his 100 sons including Shakuni where one who passes a thin strand of thread in a conche must be alive and destroy the Kuru clan as their revengeEveryone couldn't do that except Shakuni…. So all family members gave their handful of food to Shakuni and made him alive but they died out of starving….At the verge of dying….Shubala told to Shakuni that he must use his thigh bone(femur)as his dice in order to take a revenge on Dhritarashtra…..Then by seeing all her brothers dying except Shakuni….Ghandari cried out to Dhritarashtra just to spare Shakuni's life….And he was spared…. eventually leading to their decimation… :(This was the ultimate reason for Mahabharata….Thank you ;)	The answer is a big No because there was nothing like that. It is a fake story because his father was alive during Rajsuya so question of him making dice of his bones and Bhishma starving them doesn’t arise at all.It is a fake story and folk tale nowhere in Mahabharat. As per Vyasa , Shakuni had no revenge motive and he was simply supporting his nephew. Even Gandari was married with view to attain alliance of Hastinapur not because Bhishma starved them.Biggest proof of this false story is that Yudhisthir did ask for change of dice and had a red colored dice in its place of his choice but still he kept losing in second dice game. It was all his lack of skill which later he improved during exile by training from a saint.	Dice made of bones is a fake story. But Shakuni was aware of some tantrik tricks. He knew such a trick called ‘Pasadishtadri’ because of which he could control the movement of dice and he won the game. During the exile of Pandavas in the forest some sages teach Yudhishtar another trick called ‘Aksha vidya’. This also helps the player to control the dice and have an upper hand. So after Pandavas exile and incognito were completed, Shakuni was not dare enough to once again invite them to dice game.	NOHow can one know, when it's not true ? It is a folktale and is not present in the Mahabharat.Yudhistir asked Shakuni to exchange with another dice before the second dice game. Yet he lost. This proves that Shakuni could play very well and nothing was in his dice.Even, his motive of taking revenge is false. It's also a folktale.Thanks for asking.	Did anyone know that Shakuni's dice are made of his father's bones?No one knew it as they were not privy to the TRP-hungry “Television serial” version of Mahabharatha :)On a serious note, this story of Shakuni’s dice made from the wrist bone of his father is a later day addition. We don’t find any reference to this in the original Itihasa written by Sage Veda Vyasa.	
Is there anyone at present who have seen Lord Krishna	Is there anyone at present who have seen Lord Krishna?By “anyone at present”, I assume you mean somebody who is still alive.Sage Markandey, Ashwathama, King Mahabali, Sage Vyasa, Hanuman, Vibhishana, Kripacharya, and Parashurama are the eight death-defying personalities. They were all alive during the age of Mahabharata. And Since they are Chiranjeevi they are still alive.There are also Jambavan, Sage Devapi, Sage Maru, The Saptarishis i.e Kashyapa, Atri, Vasistha, Vishvamitra, Gautama Maharishi, Jamadagni and Bharadvaja, Kak Bhusundi (Sage living in the form of a crow), Sage Muchukunda, the son of Mandhata , Banasur (son of King Bali) by Boon of Shiva, and Udal.There are also countless other sages, saints, and Maharishis in our Itihasa who are still said to be present who have seen Lord Krishna.Last but not the least if you love him, you will see him in everything…Oh and please check out this Wikipedia link, this will give you a rough Ides about how many people at present who have seen Lord Krishna.	Simple yet complex answer, YES.Please don't ask for details, as I have no wish to tell.You may even turn it as hoax for the rest of your life.But if this gives you benefit to your spiritual journey,then it's good.I was asked to stop the ekadashi vrat since it's prohibited for the one who knows himself to be dead from the very being.	It depends on how you have picturised the Great Lord. For some he is of a human form with peacock feather on head and playing a flute. For some he is the light. And for some they say peace is Krishna happiness is Krishna. It depends on how you see! It's all about belief!Jai shri Krishna	Is there anyone at present who have seen Lord Krishna?How can you see a person who is reported to have died millennia ago. Please stop asking such stupid questions. One Telugu film artist claimed that when she was drowning, she saw Jesus Christ who pulled her up. These are all hallucinations. Please come out of all this.	Why not, there is Mata Amritanandamayi, the famous hugging saint of Kerala.	
Why do many gods show interest in the human lives of Mahabharata and Ramayana	To save our beautiful world from the evil powers of rakhshas and asuras, they have showed interest.	
What should I read after Hindu books and Journey to the West	There is no comment section for questions anymore so i use an answer to clarify:I Read The Ramayan, Mahabharata, Harivamsha/Bhavishya Purana, Makandeya Purana, Shiva Purana(only rudra samhita is in my language) and Journey to the West.Also I read Dostoevsky’s The Double, Crime and Punishment, The Idiot, The Eternal Husband, Demons, and Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet and watched most of the Shakespearean movies.What i am not so proud of is that i read a few of Charles Bukowskis Novels in my youth.	
What was the name of the only sister of the Kauravas	Dussala.She married Jayadratha ,King of Sindh.He tried to molest Droupadi when she was alone in their aranyavas .He was humiliated and left unkilled because he was husband of the only sister of Kauravas and Pandavas . He was the one who successfully obstructed the entry of Pandavas in to padmavyuha in kurukshetra war.Arjuna killed him on the subsequent day.	Kauravas refer to the clan or family of the blind king Dhritarashtra.Just as nearly all his sons's names starts with “du”, his daughter, means the only lonely sister of the Kauravas, was named “Duhsala” which is a sanskrit name, means, the only daughter of Dhritarashtra and Gandhari.	Duhshala	
Who were the members of Hastinapur Sabha in the Mahabharata	Any Raaj Sabha would First and Foremost consist of the king and his council of advisors and Ministers.When the crown prince was old enough he would be expected to be present in a sabha.The Queen and the Queen Mother would also be expected to be present.Also, representative of people belonging from different spheres life was expected to be present.If there was visiting Dignitary from other states(Rajya) he would be expected to be present.Keeping all these in mindIf you consider the 1st part of the reign of Dhritarashtra as a King :His council included Mahamahim Bheeshma, Kripacharya, Vidur, and Satyavati.Gandhari is also present sometimes in the sabha.If you consider the part where Yudhisthira is declared Yuvaraj.The Sabha would Consist of Mahamahim Bheeshma, Kripacharya, Vidur, Dronacharya, Ashwathamma, The 5 Pandava Brothers, The 100 Kaurava Brothers, Yuyutsu, Kunti (sometimes), Gandhari (also sometimes).After, the establishing Indraprastha,The Kuru Raj Sabha consisted of Dhritarashtra, Mahamahim Bheeshma, Kripacharya, Vidur, Dronacharya, Ashwathamma, The 100 Kaurava Brothers, Yuyutsu, Kunti (sometimes), Gandhari (also sometimes).Kunti because She did not go with the Pandavas to Khandaprastha initially. She went there after the Rajasuya Yajna.As Visiting Heads of other states Shakuni, Karna and for one time Krishna was also considered the part of the sabha.	There were many members of Hastinapur Sabha in the Mahabharata as king Dhristrastra, crown Prince Duryodhan, Bheeshma Pitamah, Vidur, Kripacharya and Dronacharya. These were important faces of court of Hastinapur. Shakuni was not member of Rajya Sabha of Hastinapur but he was most effective person. He was owner of mind of Duryodhan. Shakuni and karn were counsel of Duryodhan and Duryodhan was compulsion of Dhristrastra.	
Why were Hanuman and Lord Krishna unable to defeat Karnas Nagastra that nearly killed Arjuna	If you count’ nearly killed’ arrows then nearly all warriors of both sides had died many times. Even karna was saved by Ashwathama nearly by Arjuna. Krishna saved Arjuna from Ashwasen not karna nagastra. Real nagastra showers many snakes not one snake. Arjuna used that against sampatakas in his encounter with susharma. Real Nagastra needs Garudastra to counter. The snake which was real threat was Ashwasen and mostly due to deception. One identified Arjuna easily killed it. Same Arjuna had destroyed entire Khandavan. What was one snake in front on him if he had been familiar with deception in the arrow?	Your question itself has the answer … nothing could have ever killed arjuna because Krishna was with him .	There is a maryada of these weapons . Bhagwan ji always try his best never break these boundaries .	
Why did Karna humiliate Arjuna in the Ranghbhoomi archery contest	Only Whoever dreamt of this never happened incident can tell us his imaginary reasons..Arjuna and humiliation are never associated with one another as for as warfare skills are concerned..Leave a side being able to humiliate Arjuna, Even defeating Arjuna with utmost difficulty is not possible to anyone except Lord shiva and Keasava. (Unless you doubt the straight forward statement of lord Shiva ).And Arjuna simply defeat the opponents but never chose to humiliate them as he ,being a noble hearted warrior, never driven by such degraded motives like lesser souls who could get someone at their mercy rarely but then wouldn't hesitate to humiliate even women even infront of their elders and gurus.When it comes to actual question on Rangaboomi incident..Karna aged about 30 years just repeated the archery skills performed by the 14 years old Arjuna..So infact, karna, if truely believed himself as great Archer , unconsciously humiliated himself by challenging a boy who is 16 years younger to him. On the other hand, Arjuna who never hastened to get the tag of best Archer but was always ready to fight with anyone on instructions of Gurus, elders and for Dharma and subsequently hailed as best Archer even without asking for the same.Though there was no contest in between Arjuna and karna, the result of the attempts to give Gurudhakshina can be seen as implicit to conclude on superiority of young Arjuna. In these gurudhakshuna events which were happened not long after the Rangaboomi, karna along with kauravas couldn't defeat Drupada but Arjuna defeated and captured Drupada.( Defeated but not chosen to humiliate him)..Hence, first of all karna, inspite of being older by 16 years, never had the skills to humiliate Arjuna and couldn't do it on Rangaboomi also. But at will, karna or anyone can identify it as karna's humiliation as he couldn't resist his jealous over a much younger boy, who hadn't instigated any rivalry towards karna by that time…	
How long has the Mahabharata War been delayed due to Krishnas speech to Arjuna	IBhagwaan Sri Krishn had dicoursed over 700 Sanskrit Sholoka to Arjun at the Kuruchhetras of beginning of Mahabahrat war. When Bhagwaan was discoursing, all mighty army from both sides were standing to start the war, but in the mid of war, Sri Krishn narrated the Bhagvad Gita.So, as I think, it is due to Maya of Lord Sri Krishn, Supreme Being, all standings were dazzled to see such scene of Sri Krishn-Arjun in the mid of war field, though, such divine knowledge, they did not hear, but were surprised too.Arjun was in fix to see his near and dear at Kuruchhetra, so he frequently asked so many questions and doubts to his Guru Sri Krishn and Bhagwaan continuously replied to the doubts of his Pupil.However, the Exact time of delivering the knowledge of Bhagvad Gita to Arjun by Lord Sri Krihsn can be imagined only. The Mahabhart war was lasted for 18 days.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	Krishna’s original message was a simple short conversation meant to convince Arjuna to continue to participate in the war.The Gita is not a long conversation. it comprises of only 711 Sanskrit verses and it was spoken on a battlefield as the two armies were getting ready for the war. Maybe it took one hour or a little more and during the course of this conversation Arjuna came to his senses and realized his duty was actually to surrender to Krishna and do what Krishna wanted, and Krishna wanted him to fight. This whole arrangement was made by Krishna. I think there won’t be much delay as armies are yet to start the war.Krishna wanted to tell the whole the Bhagavad Gita for not only Arjuna’s benefit but also benefit of everybody.	
What was the reason behind Sishupals hatred for Lord Krishna	It's one of the Krishna Leela.The story of hatred is just a cover to free Jaya, Vijaya from the curse given to them by four Kumara's.The story is set back long before when Jaya and Vijaya were the Parshad (gatekeeper) at the heavenly abode of Lord Vishnu. Wanting to spend some undisturbed moments with his wife Lakshmi, Vishnu once instructed Jaya and Vijaya not to allow any visitors.But as the luck goes against them. It so happened that the four sons of Brahma - Sanaka, Sanatana Sanandan and Sanatkumar dropped in to meet Vishnu. They were the sons of Brahma created from his mental powers and are free to move any where.Though they were eternally young, they were very learned and highly respected. When Jaya and Vijaya refused to let them in, they promptly let loose a curse on the Parshads. Jaya and Vijaya would have to take birth twelve times on earth as mortals.Jaya and Vijaya protested stating that they were only following their master's instructions and a fight started. Vishnu after hearing the noises, was forced to leave Lakshmi and come to the gate. He reprimanded the parshads for letting the situation get out of hand but also ignored the visitors indicating his displeasure at their hasty action.Realising that Jaya and Vijaya were not at fault he offered them a partial reprieve. They would have to take birth only three times instead of twelve but there was a string attached. In these births they would be evil demons. Vishnu himself would appear on earth and kill them.Jaya and Vijaya accepted their master's proposal.Jaya and Vijaya first took birth as twin demon brothers, Hirnyaksha and Hiranyakashipu. Hirnyaksha was killed by Vishnu in his Varaha (Boar) incarnation.Hiranyakashipu was killed by Vishnu in his Narasimha (Lion-Man) incarnation.After completing there first birth, Jaya and Vijaya then took birth as Ravana, the evil king of Lanka and Kumbhakaran, his younger brother.During this period Vishnu took birth as Rama, the prince of Ayodhya and finally Rama killed both Ravana and Kumbhakaran.Finally, in the last birth, Jaya and Vijaya took birth as Shishupal and Dantavakra during Vishnu's incarnation as Krishna. In this birth, both were born as first cousins of Krishna, born to two sisters of Krishna's father. When Shishupal was born, he had horns and four arms. His mother Shrutushravaa was horrified and wanted to kill him, but there was a prophecy that said that the extra horns and arms would fall of when a certain person took Shishupal in his lap. However that person would eventually kill Shishupal. When Krishna went to see his young cousin and took the baby Shishupal on his lap the extra horns and arms fell off. Shrutishravaa was aghast that her nephew would kill her son. She pleaded with Krishna. Krishna said that he was powerless against destiny, but would forgive a hundred offences before letting the prophecy take effect. Dantavakra was born with protruding and jagged teeth. Dantavakra literally means "crooked teeth". His mother Shrutishrava too was aghast at his ugliness but was hopeful that his deformity would be rectified in due course.Both Shishupal and Dantavakra grew up together. Shishupal's father Damghosh was the king of Chedi and Dantavakra's father Vriddhasaman was the king of Karusha. Both were under the sovereignty of Jarasandh, emperor of Magadha. Shishupal and Dantavakra grew up under Jarasandh's influence. Jarasandh hated Krishna. This hatred was naturally shared by Shishupal and Dantavakra, which finally leads to there death by Krishna in Yudhisthira sabha.Hence Jaya and Vijaya completed their curse and go back to heavenly abode of Lord Vishnu.Their hatred was nothing but a curse regeneration on them till they complete the whole karma chakra.Jai Shri Krishna	
What is the authentic source of the Mahabharata story TV shows display different versions stories Which source they do refer to For example B R Chopras Ekta Kapoors Mahabharata had many differences	What is the authentic source of the Mahabharata story? TV shows display different versions/stories. Which source they do refer to? For example, B.R. Chopra's & Ekta Kapoor's Mahabharata had many differences.The authentic source of the Mahabharat story is neither B.R.Chopra nor Ekta Kapoor. The authentic source is Ved Vyaas. Check out the translation by Kisari Mohan Ganguli or the one by Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute. Those are considered to be more authentic. TV shows will inflate and show anything in whatever way they like to increase their TRP.	Book is the good sourse, but may people say that if this book of mahabhrat we put in the house…than will fight in our family…so if u want the fact knowladge about mahabharat u should see the serial mahabharat katha on starplas or star utsab (ekta kapoor and all )They provide aqurate knowlage but in brief …if u want more knowladge u can serch on google nd see…nd u can see also reserch of p.hd. of sanskrit .	
Who is Duryodhana in the Mahabharata	Duryodhana (Sanskrit: दुर्योधन, literally means Dur= Extremely hard Yodhana= Yudh/Fight; the one with whom the fight is extremely hard) is a major character in the Hindu epic Mahabharata and was the eldest of the Kauravas, the hundred sons of blind king Dhritarashtra and Queen Gandhari. Being the first born son of the blind king, he was the crown prince of Hastinapura along with his cousin Yudhishtra who was older than him. Karna was the closest friend of Duryodhana.	
When lord Hanumanji went to propose to Karnas wife Uruvi why did she spit on his face and reject him Did hanuman smell bad	Lord Hanuman is brahmachari from birth he never proposed anyone. He is a God who is free from lust, pride and every human emotions.He has the eight divine qualities. He can take any form. One should worship him with devotion , this question is not appropriate at all and I don't know where you got this question from??? Do you know the power of reciting Hanuman chalisa. Recite it daily with devotion and the lord Hanuman himself will protect you from trouble, fear and shall bless you with whatever you desire. I felt different answering this question. A strange one!!!!	
Who were the other Brahmins who learned weaponry from Lord Parshuram Did they take part in the Mahabharata	PARASHURAM, Lord Vishnu’s 6 th avathara in the current and 7 th vaivasvatha manvantara. He was the son of Rishi Jamadagni and Sri Renuka his birth name was RAMA ,as he holds axe as weapon so he was known as the Parashurama. Once he sweared to kill Kshatria Clan because Karthavirya arjun ( student of Dattatreya ) killed his father Rishi Jamadagni and forcefully took there cow Kamadenu ( nandini ) with him so he wiped out almost whole clan 21 timesHis main student's were Devavratha(aka Pitamah Bhishm) ,Drohnacharya and Karna.There's a very interesting and important thingMAHABHARATHA WAR WAS FOUGHT BY ALMOST BY HIS STUDENTS ONLY.Yup you read it right, all Pandavas and Kauravas were student of Drohnacharya and Drohnacharya was student of Lord Parashurama, after wiping Kshatria Clan for almost 21 times he didn't stop………. he taught and trained his students to fight against adharma. Therefore in Mahabharatha war Lord Parashurama played a major role ……. we can call it as a planned trick by Parashurama to end evil kshatriyas like Duuryodhana and his supporters.Parashurama was also KSHATRIYA lot of people assume he is brahminEDITS AND COMMENTS ARE WELCOMED..SHARE IF U FIND INTERSTING…..	He didn’t teach Brahmins. He destroyed the Kshatriyas and so their kingdoms came to him. He used to give them away to Brahmins.Drona was suffering from poverty. He heard that Parashurama was giving away wealth and lands to Brahmins.But by the time Drona reached him, Parashurama had already given away everything. So he offered to teach him about weapons. Drona was interested in learning and learnt from Parashurama.	
Why did Arjuna run away like a coward from Karnas Bhargavastra	Ok, for sake of Argument Arjuna ran away from much hyped Bhargavastara. But Bhima was still there. What did that great weapon do? It only killed poor soldier and couldn’t even scratch any big warrior of Pandavas side.So why so much fuss over something which was so ineffective? As the weapon was doing damage for a while Arjuna was there before going to see yudhishthir, what did it do to him?Nothing at all. At best it destroyed many soldiers which even Arjuna had done many times in front of Kauravas warriors like Bhishma, Drona and Karna and even they were unable to stop such damage and retreated.Arjuna did not run at all. He went to Bhima to see yudhishthir so he could fight. But Bhima refused so he had to visit the king which was most important for ensuring the battle goes.If you call this cowardice then similar plan even karna had. Gita press says krishna dragged Arjuna by naming yudhishtir to frustrate karna. Arjuna did not run. Similar plan was also thought by Karna when he talked about all kings attacking Arjuna and making him tired so that he could later kill him .Karna was thinking of deploying a similar technique to make Arjuna lose focus and become tired. So Krishan knowing Karna very well also tried to take away Arjuna to Yudhishthir so that when he sees him in that condition he gets more enraged and motivated to kill karna.This is karna plan and proof of his mindset from karna parva of BORI CE‘Swiftly advance against Achyuta and Arjuna from every direction and restrain them, so that they are exhausted. O kings! Then those two lords will be severely wounded and I will be able to kill them cheerfully todaySourceBORI CE as translated by Bibek debroy	Over hyped Bhargavastra..certainly not more powerful than Maha Pasupat. Right?pashya kRRiShNa mahAbAho bhArgavAstrasya vikramam |naitadastraM hi samare shakyaM hantuM katha~nchana || 46||sUtaputraM cha sa.nrabdhaM pashya kRRiShNa mahAraNe |antakapratimaM vIraM kurvANaM karma dAruNam || 47||sutIkShNaM chodayannashvAnprekShate mAM muhurmuhuH |na cha pashyAmi samare karNasya prapalAyitam || 48||jIvanprApnoti puruShaH sa~Nkhye jayaparAjayau |jitasya tu hRRiShIkesha vadha eva kuto jayaH || 49||tato janArdanaH prAyAddraShTumichChanyudhiShThiram |shrameNa grAhayiShya.nshcha karNaM yuddhena mAriSha || 50||Arjuna to Krishna on 17 th dayExcerptKunti's son Dhananjaya said unto Vasudeva these words, "Behold, O Krishna of mighty arms, the prowess of the bhargava weapon! It cannot, by any means, be baffled! Behold the Suta's son also, O Krishna, filled with rage in this great battle and resembling the Destroyer himself, in prowess and employed in achieving such a fierce feat! Urging his steeds incessantly, he is repeatedly casting angry glances upon me! I will never be able to fly away from Karna in battle! The person that is living, may, in battle, meet with either victory or defeat. To the man, however, that is dead, O Hrishikesha, even death is victory. How can defeat be his that is dead?"Arjuna had more powerful astras in his arsenal. Raudra,Mahapasupata,Vaishnava Narayana Brahmasira,Brahmastra…Each Of the above astras will nullify Bhargavastra and create disaster all around. When Aswathama released Narayanastra Arjuna and Krishna submitted themselves without reciprocating that.When Bhagadutta hurled Vaishnavastra Krishna took it on him to avoid collision of two powerful astras If Arjuna also shoots his Astra.Vedavyasa stopped Collision of two Brahmasira astras shot by Aswathama and Arjun. ..to avoid drought that will be caused with the effect of such powerful astras.No words can describe the power of Maha Pasupata which was destructive and disastrous..Sadashiv himself told Arjuna thus.What does Arjuna mean by above words?Arjuna never wanted to use any of his superior astras to pacify Bhargavastra.What is wrong with what he said?Hatoapi labhate swargam jitva tu labhate yasah. This is the tag line of every soldier who enters war.If killed heaven can be obtained. If won fame will be acquired.Arjuna said I can not fly away from Karna in battle..fact..His words are gems.He said “ Even death is victory in battle. “A warrior says these words not a coward.By the way flying away from battle is familiar with Karna ..he was an expert at that not Arjuna.Even Karna told the same either he will kill or he will die,Excerpt“I will, putting forth my might, slay in battle that bull among car-warriors, Arjuna. If Death himself, that universal consumer, were to protect with vigilance the son of Pandu in battle, I would still encounter him in fight and either slay him or myself go to Yama's presence following Bhishma”Karna said either he will kill Arjuna or he will go to the abode of Yama.So what is there to pinpoint Arjuna ?,Karna also said the same to Salya. Both of them know that they are going to fight the final battle of either victory or death..So they spoke thus..Krishna’s decisionThus addressed by Partha, Krishna replied unto that foremost of intelligent men and chastiser of foes, these words that were suitable to the occasion, "The royal son of Kunti hath been deeply wounded and mangled by Karna. Having seen him first and comforted him, thou wilt then, O Partha, slay Karna?" Then Keshava proceeded, desirous of beholding Yudhishthira, thinking that Karna meanwhile, O monarch, would be overwhelmed with fatigueIt is not Arjuna who decided to go to Yudhishtira first It is Krishna.It is not Arjuna who thought Karna in the meanwhile will get tired. It is Krishna.Arjuna did not want to leave the battlefield.As I said Arjuna never wanted to leave the battlefield. He asked Bhima to go and enquire the welfare of YudhishtirThis was the conversation that Arjuna had with Bhima on 17 th day before visiting Yudhishtir.arjuna uvAcha||tasmAdbhavA~nshIghramitaH prayAtu; rAj~naH pravRRittyai kurusattamasya |nUnaM hi viddho.atibhRRishaM pRRiShatkaiH; karNena rAjA shibiraM gato.asau || 59||yaH samprahAre nishi sampravRRitte; droNena viddho.atibhRRishaM tarasvI |tasthau cha tatrApi jayapratIkSho; droNena yAvanna hataH kilAsIt || 60||sa sa.nshayaM gamitaH pANDavAgryaH; sa~Nkhye.adya karNena mahAnubhAvaH |j~nAtuM prayAhyAshu tamadya bhIma; sthAsyAmyahaM shatrugaNAnnirudhya || 61||For this reason go thou quickly from the spot for bringing intelligence of the king, that best of all the descendants of Kuru! Without doubt, deeply pierced by Karna with shafts, the king hath gone to the camp! In that fierce passage at arms, though deeply pierced by Drona with keen shafts, the king endued with great activity, had still stayed in battle, expectant of victory, until Drona was slain! That foremost one among the Pandavas, possessed of great magnanimity, was greatly imperilled by Karna in today's battle! For ascertaining his condition, quickly go hence, O Bhima! I will stay here, checking all our foes!bhIma uvAcha||tvameva jAnIhi mahAnubhAva; rAj~naH pravRRittiM bharatarShabhasya |ahaM hi yadyarjuna yAmi tatra; vakShyanti mAM bhIta iti pravIrAH || 62||Bhima said, "O thou of great glory, go thyself for ascertaining the condition of the king, that bull amongst the Bharatas! If, O Arjuna, I go there, many foremost of heroes will then say that I am frightened in battle!"Arjuna saidtato.abravIdarjuno bhImasenaM; sa.nshaptakAH pratyanIkaM sthitA me |etAnahatvA na mayA tu shakya;mito.apayAtuM ripusa~NghagoShThAt || 63|| 47 65Then Arjuna said unto Bhimasena, "The samsaptakas are before my division! Without slaying those assembled foes first, it is impossible for me to stir from this place!Bhima said.' Then Bhimasena said unto Arjuna, 'Relying upon my own might, O foremost one among the Kurus, I will fight with all the samsaptakas in battle! Therefore, O Dhananjaya, do thou go thyself!'"The conversationThe discussion between the two pillars of Pandava army Arjuna and BhimaArjuna expressed his concern over Yudhishtir who left the field wounded by Karna. He asked Bhima to go and check himBhima refused ..afraid that his rivals may taunt him..Arjuna said without slaying Samsaptakas he can not leave the placeBhima offered to fight with Samsaptakas till Arjuna comes backThen Arjuna decided to visit Yudhishtir.Is this running away from the field?Arjuna and Bhima discussed,Arjuna to go to Yudhishtir and Bhima to tackle Samsaptakas..that was the decision they arrived upon. Karna or Bhargavastra did not matter in their conversation.By the way which reputed warrior from Pandava side was killed by Bhargavastra?Bhima? Nakula? Sahadeva? Drishtadyumna? Sikhandi? Satyaki? Yudhamanyu? Uttamaujas?..none.Bhargavastra killed Panchala Srinjaya army in huge numbers.So What?Arjuna’s Aindrastra killed large part of Kaurava army and Bhishma has to withdraw his troops.Aswsthama’s Agneyastra killed one akshouhini Of Pandava army.Arjuna killed seven akshouhinis Of Kaurava army on 14 th day.Abhimanyu and Ghatotkaca killed huge army of kauravasNothing out of the world happened…with Bhargavastra.I hope people will use discretion and realise the difference between “running away” and going away on purpose.They ought to understand that Bhargavastra did not harm any maharathi of Pandava army ….then why should Arjuna get scared?The sense that Arjuna’s words convey should not be misinterpreted.He meant that now the time to counter Karna for the final time arrived and he can not fly away from him without doing so.Arjuna entrusted the responsibility of Samsaptakas to Bhima and left to see Yudhishtir,This one and only instance is used to malign him,disgrace him and call him names.I would like to remind Parasurama himself did not give importance to Bharagavastra or Karna. Rather he preferred to declare Arjuna as the best in three worlds who had every Astra in his arsenal.Foot notesBori Critical Edition Sanskrit version Karna Parva ch 41 44’ 45Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Karna Parv sec 40; 61; 64. 65Gita Press Hindi translation by Pandit RamnarayanSouthern version Kumbhakonam EditionNilakantha Bhavadipa	That is because of Arjuna's own inability to counteract Bhargavastra.There are Arjuna fans who say "but Bhargavastra only destroyed an Akshauhini and did not kill a great warrior" but they were all fleeing, that is clearly mentioned. Karna stopped firing Bhargavastra shortly after destroying an Akshauhini.The foot soldiers had asked Arjuna for help to stop the Karna Bhargavastra. But Arjuna did not, in fact he told Krishna that Bhargavastra was invincible and that he would go to look for Yudhisthira; but when Yudhisthira told him to give Gandiva to Krishna, Arjuna was going to behead him.Arjuna fans say that Arjuna only went to Yudhisthira for his critical condition, but Krishna had told Arjuna in the 43rd chapter of Karna Parva about the danger that Yudhisthira runs, but Arjuna is not going to help for Yudhisthira, just when he saw Bhargavastra he remembered Yudhisthira and it was for him that he shows that it is only an excuse to cover his escape from Bhargavastra. In addition, Arjuna broke two vows, one was when he vowed to protect the soldiers or warriors he could reach, that is why he cut Bhurishrava's arm from behind to protect Satyaki so he had to attack Karna to protect his soldiers or attacking him from behind, and another vow he broke is to accept anyone's combat challenge. Karna repeatedly looked at Arjuna furiously, so it was a clear challenge request but Arjuna fled.I do not mean that Bhargavastra is invincible simply because of Arjuna's statement, Arjuna stank with the use of divine weapons, but Arjuna could use Pashupatastra to counteract Bhargavastra, and he could do it since Pashupatastra was one of the most powerful weapons although he could not destroy the universe (although if it were without concern, you probably only have to be a great archer) but it was enough for Bhargavastra since all the weapons have their counter form including Narayanastra and Vaishnavastra	Good Joke.Arjuna run away from the war that to because of Karna.It's completely fiction. If Karna had Bhargavastra Arjuna had Pashupata which is more powerful than the Bhargavastra and Made by the power of Parashurama's teacher lord Shiva. Brahmasira which can destroy the entire universe in the fraction of the second. Only Arjuna has that. Aswddama also has it but he don’t have the complete knowledge on it. So It is clear that Arjuna run away from Bhargavastra is a fake story	First of all, Arjuna didn't ran like a coward….. Lord Krishna who was the charioteer for Arjuna knew that he will die if he goes one on one with Karna…so to save Arjuna, Lord Krishna started to move the chariot in opposite direction…. Also he doesn't have pashupatastra at that time as he already used that astra against his brother in law who was on the side of kauravas, also he was the main reason for the Death of Abimanyu, Arjuna's beloved son….. That's the reason why they ran out of there…. I think this will help you…Om Namashivaya….	Arjun did not run away anywhere . While Arjun was busy fighting Samsaptaka forces then Karna applied Bhargavastra. As Arjun was returning to the main battle field, he saw the effect of Bhargavastra already in action and told Krishna that nothing could be done now as it has already been effective. As we learn from the epic that such weapons (whatever be their nature and mechanism) was countered by the opponent when fired but not fallen on the target. Remember, when Arjun countered many celestial weapons of Darona, Karna and others while fighting directly. As Bhargavastra already fell on the battlefield setting it ablaze and killing many, nothing could have been done to contain it. Moreover, Arjun got extremely worried about Yudhishthir who was badly injured and went in search of him.	
I understood Ramayana but not at all Mahabharata Which is the best film to watch so I can understand	Compare to Ramayana, Mahabharta has much more characters so a single film can't cover all of them.If you wanna understand it well then watch TV series named Mahabharta on Hotstar which consists around 270 episodes.	MahAbhAraTa is a huge complex ITihAsa. It can’t be clearly understood by self-study of books and/or watching TV serials. It has to be understood only through learned people.	
Ramayana occurred because of a woman who cried while Mahabharata because of a woman who laughed What does this mean	This means you don't know anything about the scope of these two wars.I don't know much about Ramayana. But I'm certain there were more factors at play than just Sita's abduction and grief.And Mahabharata certainly didn't happen because Draupadi laughed. The incident of Draupadi laughing at Duryodhan isn't found in any authentic version of Mahabharata like KMG's translation, BORI critical edition which is by far the most authentic. Not even Draupadi's insult was the cause of war. Yudhishtira were willing to settle for 5 villages even.It is convinient to blame women. But the truth is that it is men's egos, greed, need to conquer etc. That caused wars.	
Who between Indrajith son of Ravana and Abhimanyu son of Arjuna was a better warrior 1	To be frank they both are different in their achievements, age, knowledge and everything else.Where Indrajit, son of Ravana, whose original name was Meghnadha, was a Atimaharathi.Abhimanyu, son of Arjuna, was merely 16 year old teenager, was just a Maharathi.Meghnadha,the eldest son of demon king Ravana was an excellent warrior. He was given the name ‘Indrajit’ after defeating Indra, the king of Devas by Lord Brahma.Indrajit possessed all three ultimate weapons of Trimurti’s and many more celestial weapons, can spread darkness and ignorance among enemies which greatly empowered the might of the Rakshasas, Master of Sorcery and Archery.He had a boon that no one could win him over a battle field if he had completed Yagna and boarded his celestial chariot.He coupled his supreme fighting skills with various stratagems to inflict heavy losses on Vanara army before his death.Abhimanyu is a consummate warrior almost equal to his father. When he enters the unbreakable Chakra vyuha, he holds the entire Kuru host, with Drona, Karna and hundreds of other heroic warriors, in addition to hundreds of thousands of foot soldiers at bay single-handedly. He is killed however, by deceit and a merciless and unlawful slaying while he is unarmed and without a chariot, by the Kauravas.No doubt Indrajit seems to be a great warrior since he has all the boons and powerful weapons with him. Winning for him was no big deal.But being so young, Abhimanyu, a courageous boy. Who gave the hardest time to some of the most powerful Maharathi's, inspite of having less power and knowledge than them and no boon. And didn't give up till his last breath and was killed with deceit.Abhimanyu I consider was the better warrior.	If you consider only the description mentioned in both epics then abhimanyu, here why.While indrajeet was a full-fledged seasoned warrior by the time he faced threat from likes of Sugreeva, Angad, Hanumanji, Lakshamana and Shri Rama. Also he had experience of war prior to facing army of lord rama, when he battled and defeated Indra, the king of devas and other celestial beings. So he was apt in major form of warfare called as Sorcery.But when you talk about abhimanyu, we are talking about a teenager of merely 16 years of age and having no experience of warfare before hand. Whats more !!!!! Just based on his extensive training received under tutelage of his not so common and divine uncle Shri Krishna :) who was no less than anyone in the three worlds, he not only defeated likes of karna, drona, duryodhana, dushasana, shakuni, and other but also successfully hold his fort against Bhishma during initial days of war which was not a normal or ordinary feat. Mind it, that while advising arjuna to start gathering divine weapons during agyatvasa period, Lord Krishna literally said that “Even in contemporary world there is no-one who could face and win against Bhishma Pitamah”. Add to that abhimanyu broke into chakravyuh, the most deadly military formation of those times, on his own while all four pandavas i.e Bhima, Nakula, Sahadeva and Yuddhisthira was following him and were not even able to keep up with him, and thats why he was left alone inside the chakravyuha as jayadrath came in between them. Even in chakravyuh he wreaked complete havoc and defeated all maharathis in one-to-one battle. Seeing his might duryodhana got baffled and asked Drona to stop him at any cost or abhimanyu alone would destroy single akshouni on that day itself. Drona said it is impossible to defeat abhimanyu while following all the rules of fair warfare laid at the beginning, then duryodhana said he don’t care which rule they need to break or what he just wants to see him dead. It is then that all 7 maharathis i.e Duryodhana, Drona, Karna (Yes he was part of the cowardly act), Shakuni, Ashwathama, Dusshasana and lakshamana(Duryodhana’s son) came together and defeated him and killed him in the most unparalled unmerciful way.So you can imagine what abhimanyu would have grown up into had he survived the war and learnt few more techniques and tricks of the game.So my vote goes to Abhimanyu but in no way i consider Indrajeet a less warrior because after all it takes some serious skill and guts to face and defeat Lord of Universe and Master of Illusions Lord Vishnu’s incarnation Lord Rama and Lakshamana 3 times.JSH.	Indrajit, unquestionably. Because he's said to be from a class of warrior that's superior to anybody else, Athimaharathi. Some even believe he's one of that kind and only ever person to be born Athimaharathi. He shows great valour many times. His original name infact is Meghnanand and he was named Indrajit after winning over Indra.Thanks for reading:)	Indrajit, he was a athimaharathi. He defeated indra and fought against an Avatar of Vishnu, Shri Ram who was beyond these categories of rathis. And could defeat Laxmana an avatar of Adishesha. He faced Hanuman, sugreev, Jambuvant and all these were maha maharathis. He was an obident son like lord Ram and fought from the side of his father. Only thing that keeps him down is, he was from the wrong side of the war.Whereas, Abhimanyu was a teenage boy fought furiously and created havoc in between kauravsena which was filled with maharathis. He also fought for his father and uncles. All he did was great and all he suffered was bad but he is more in limelight because he was a son of Arjun a hero of Mahabharata.My vote Indrajit.	Both of them were exceptional warriors in their respective period or time.	What are you trying to do, organising a tournament on virtual reality shows?Please. Get serious, do not insult the shastra.	
What made Gandhi believe that Ahimsa will bring freedom to India from the British when we have epics like Ramayana and Mahabharata wherein the evils have won in a waging war	Political guru of Gandhiji was Gopal Krishna Gokhale. He was one of the political leaders and a social reformer during the Indian Independence Movement against the British Empire in India. He was the leader of the moderate faction of the Congress party that advocated reforms by working with existing government institutions.There were some influence of Gokhale on Gandhiji, whereas being a human he too have different aspects to see the Society through his own eyes.He was a great philosophier.. He had certain philosophies like eye for an eye makes the whole world blind…Whole country were suffering from British rule, but if we see the case of Mahabharata and Ramayana, the war was surrounded only for a family. Earlier Kings had only the right to fight war… A common person can't lead any war.But during British period, Gandhiji understood that a single person can't fight with Britishers. India were having more than 500 Kings… Gandhiji has to unite them and prepare them for war…. But if war would have been took place millions of people would have been killed… which Gandhiji would have never been accepted. So, he followed the path of non-violance.	Your second part is not clear. What is “evil” here? Seems to me that you are describing “violence” . Please clarify.Now, for the first part -The form of the protest is called “Satyagraha” or “seeking the truth” and not “Ahimsa”. Ahimsa is a principle or strategy.Please note that Gandhi took part in wars - in South Africa as a pert of a non combatant mission. Similarly, he was also reluctant to hit back on Britain when they were engaged in a bloody global war.Remember, we are talking about a bright lawyer, and exposure to the western ways. His prime intention was not freedom of India but against discrimination. The strength in his method came from the mid - one’s conviction that each human being is entitled to his free will and no group of human beings are entitled to force a people to do otherwise. The “truth” refers to that conviction of mind to stand up to the oppressors and assert own demand to fairness. He believed in doing so in a gentleman’s way - without brute force but will and strength to stand up and demand what is rightfully his.His moves were not arbitrary. Englishmen were proud to call themselves civilized, and Gandhi, exploited their that weakness to gently but firmly.But I don’t think Gandhi ever denied the need of violent war. He did what Hitler could not do by force. Even British people supported his cause. When he visited Manchester to apologize to the textile workers for shutting down the greatest market - India. He was given celebrity status instead. A British schoolboy wrote in an essay that he wants to be like Gandhi.USA was also sympathetic for the Indian cause and suggested that UK should no longer hold India after WWII.Britain is a powerful enemy - masters of violent warfare. You can’t win UK by fighing for freedom. You’ll die anyway then living a slave’s life under some fellow human being. So die peacefully, why complicate it?It works.	Evils never won the final war. The positive force having faith on good deeds win ultimately. The British administration was a mix of positive and negative deeds. They helped in bringing scientific education, health care, industries and education system to India. They unified India with their negative steps. But unification helped the people of India. Mahatma Gandhi knew about the strength and weakness of British administration. He knew that the British leaders project a good human side of the British people and the empire. Peaceful protest, nonviolence and passive resistance are his own findings in South Africa. Indian resistance collapsed in many cases in front of British Indian Army. Indian people worked there as soldiers and police men. The Britishers used Indian soldiers to crush any dissent from princely states. So Mahtma Gandhi wanted avoid fraticidal killings and violence. So he devised the methods of Styagraha. He also wanted to improve conditions of down trodens in India. He wanted to expand education among all sections of the society. He was totally against untouchability. He was for sanitation and cleaning the cities and villages. Keeping all the weaknesses of Indian people he started the nonviolence movement against the British administration. It was a long process. But it was successful. India got its freedom.	Gandhi first tried it against the British in South Africa and it worked. He tried the same policy later in India too. He also thought, violent methods would not work with a strong enemy and would needlessly make the mindset (of the mobs) violent.But there is a crucial aspect Gandhi perhaps did not think of. Non-violent methods of Gandhi worked because the British were sensitive to them. (well, not most of the time, the British could be very cruel in suppressing).Your methods or values will not work with those who think differently i.e. their value system does not recognize yours. Say, Gandhi’s policy would never work against the Japanese or the Nazis.	He was a thinker. He used his brains. Unlike most Indians, he did not believe the epics and ancient texts had all the answers for all the times. He realised the wisdom contained in those texts was contextual, and the context had changed entirely.His first experiments were in South Africa, and he saw the results there. Nelson Mandela had said about him, “You sent us Gandhi, we sent you Mahatma”.His movement in South Africa was directed against a racial law that de-recognized Hindu marriages. That was a micro movement, compared to the huge one he led in India for freedom from the British rule.	Perhaps Gandhiji knew that Indians will not be able to defeat the British in a war. Though the efficacy of the non-violence strategy can be debated, there is no doubt that Gandhiji's effort helped the whole of India to participate in the freedom struggle and that perhaps contributed a lot to the concept of India as one nation.On one hand it would be naive to believe that the British left India owing to Gandhiji's satyagraha. I believe that there were four major reasons (given in order of importance) for the British to grant us freedom:The global situation after the second world war.Impact of INA and Subhash Chandra Bose.Sacrifice by revolutionaries like Bhagat Singh.Non-cooperation movement led by Gandhiji.On the other hand there is a need to examine the non-violence principle of Gandhiji even though there is no denying the fact that he was a great individual. He supported the British in the First World War. He might have thought that the British would feel obliged to grant us freedom but then what we got was Jallianwala bagh massacre. He supported the Khilafat Movement. He had no objection to the British Indian Army fighting in the World War II provided the British agreed to give us freedom. When they didn't agree he started the Quit India Movement in 1942. He still basically supported the British and the Indian Army fought valiantly and contributed significantly to the final victory. However, the nation wide non-cooperation movement was promptly called off due to a small incident at Chauri Chaura. If one takes a holistic view, one cannot help wondering if Gandhiji's principle of non-violence was very selective and was perhaps the most effective insurance for the safety of the British! One cannot ignore the worst human disaster that took place during the partition while considering India's independence. Only God knows what non-violence we are talking about!	
In Mahabharata why did Drona and Bhishma support the side of Kauravas What stopped them from supporting Dharma by joining the side of Pandavas	It is said that Bhishma had given this answer himself when he was on his death bed.Bhisma has taken Oath that his life's mission would be protect the Kuru kingdom and it's King(which was Duryodhana at war time). He was bind to Kuru throne ONLY.And same was the reason why he couldn't stand up for Draupadi when she was insulted and humiliated by Duryodhana.(because Druthrashtra - the king of Kuru didn't utter a word against it).Same was the case with Drona. He was appointed as Guru of Kurus kingdom. He too said that it's his responsibility to fight for the King. Though, he was a Brahmin but as he was extremely good with weapons he took his decision and Ashwathama too followed his father footsteps.Both had there moral responsibility to support Kuru king and to protect king from any threat(even internal).It's a debatable topic whether what they did was correct or NOT.Hari OM…Regards.	
Is it true that Arjuna tried to kill Dhrishtadyumna because he killed Drona	No, it is not. Arjuna had never tried to kill his brother-in-law Dhrishtadyumna. Actually, this episode has been famous from BR Chopra's 'Mahabharata'. But, it is not true. It is Satyaki, disciple of Dronacharya, and later Arjuna, devotee of Lord Krishna, tried to kill Dhristadyumna. He did not like killing their teacher in such a unfair way. In the middle, they suddenly planned to capture Dronacharya alive but Dhristadyumna went for killing Drona. The all incidents of T.V. shows are not real. Watch them for entertainment. Don't believe in them blindly.	
Who was Bhagadatta in the Mahabharata How was he killed in the Kurukshetra War	Thanks for A2A.Bhagadatta was said to be the king of Pragjyotisha. He was the king of Yavana and mlecchas. He was also described as friend of Indra.He used to wore a divine gem in his forehead which was known as supreme gem in earth. He punished Naraka and Mura. He was an ally of Jarasandha yet he was said to be affectionate towards Pandavas.Historically Pragjyotisha was always associated with Assam. But at the same time he was described as leader of North / west as well.Were Bhagadatta was king of east or north western regions?I don’t disagree that at present we consider Pragjyotisha to be part of Assam. But if you closely read Mahabharata, it put question mark on the traditional position of Pragjyotisha being part of Assam.Evidence - Arjuna visits Pragjyotisha twice.First time during his northern conquest for Rajasuya sacrifice and second time during Aswamedha Sacrifice where he fought against the son of Bhagadatta, Vajradatta.During Rajasuya Sacrifice, Arjuna fought against Bhagadatta for 8 days. He attacked King of Shakala and then he fought against Bhagadatta and after that he went towards Northern Mountain.During Aswamedha Sacrifice, Arjuna fought against Vajradatta. Before that he fought against Trigarta tribes and after fighting Vajradatta he went towards the kingdom of Sindhu.Now if we see at the following map and try to find the positions of Shakala, Trigarta and Sindhu etc.Source - The map was shared by Ms. Aditi Banerjee in twitter.All are in present day Punjab / Himachal Pradesh area. Now it doesn’t make sense for Arjuna to suddenly change the direction and go to assam, conquer Pragjyotisha and then again com back to original route.This is the reason I believe Pragjyothisa of Mahabharata was some where near Himachal or Punjab.At the same time Drupada mentioned Bhagadatta to be dwell by eastern ocean.In some part of Kurushetra war he was even described as king of Vanga.So yes we can’t have any foolproof evidence to say which is correct. There can be multiple explanation behind such contradictions.It was said Bhagadatta’s army had Kiratas and Chinas as part of them.Bhagadatta accepted Yudisthira’s emperor-ship after battle with Arjuna where he got impressed with Arjuna’s untiring battle skill. Unable to defeat Arjuna, he promised Arjuna to support Yudisthira.He actually visited Rajasuya sacrifice and returned back after giving a receptacle and swords made out of ivory he left.He joined Kouravas and contributed one akshouhini army to them. He was considered with par with atirathas.Bhagadatta’s elephant’s name was Supratika.He died on 12th day while fighting against Arjuna. One of the greatest duel ever fought in Kurushetra war. Nevertheless to say Bhagadatta was amazing warrior and on 12th day he was in his best.It was one of the best example where one warrior was fighting on elephant and another in chariot.He shot an arrow dislodging Arjuna’s diadem. Arjuna put it back and smilingly asked Bhagadatta to look upon the world with delight hinting he won’t be able to look at the world for long.This is one example of how heroes act in war.Bhagadatta’s all weapons were destroyed. His inner organ were penetrated by Arjuna’s arrows and his bow was severed.Bhagadatta then used Vaishnava weapon against Arjuna. Krishna received the weapon on his chest and it became Vaijayanti garland.When Arjuna asked the reason to do that, Krishna said he granted a boon to Naraka to be invincible.For that he had given the invincible Vaishnava weapon to him. As per him, even Rudra or Indra can be killed by this weapon. Bhagadatta got this weapon from Naraka.Well Vaishnava weapon can ensue large debate over what if Pashupata used against Vaishnava weapon.This divine weapons were always paradox. Krishna claimed one that his Sudarshana can’t do any thing against Vasava Shakti.Now how can Shakti which was second most powerful weapon of Indra be more powerful than Sudarshana Chakra?Bhisma claimed Sudarshana can smash Shakti contradicting Krishna.I will write separate article on this issue.Arjuna shot a weapon that killed Bhagadatta’s elephant.Arjuna then shot a weapon piercing the heart of Bhagadatta and that killed him.Then he circumambulated him to pay respect.	
What is Abhimanyu s son name	Abhimnyyu’s son name name is Parikshith,who ruled after great pandavas left for swargaHe was cursed by a sage’s small son called shringi the reason being when Parikshit came in search of water because the king was very thirsty andhe saw shringi’s father Shameeka maharishi who was in meditattion without having any contact with outside world,but the king Pariskhit mistook the sage and felt he is purposefully ignored , andto teach a lesson to the sage he dropped a dead snake which was lying there on his neck and left the placethen shringi came to know through his class mates and the small boy of age 7 years took water with kusha {dharbha } and cursed the king to dieon the seventh day from that day onwards,meanwhile Pariskshit was repenting for his action and the curse given by the boy was conveyed to the king and the king took it boldly without fear of death and heard srimad Bhagavatha from Shukachrya who is the son of god sri vedavyasa and attained mokshalater Janamejaya king son of Parikshit performed sarpa yaga and all the snakes were getting dropped in the fire where the king Janamejaya was performing the yangnaLater it was stopped by Asthika and Janamejaya king heard Mahabharat through Vyshmpayana which has become the greatest epic in the world thus bhagavatha and mahabharatha became famous because of these two great kings that is the father Pariskshit and his son Janamejaya son, hence Abhimanyu’s son is Parikshith and his son Janamejaya two great people of pandava generation	Parikshit is the son of Abhimanyu and Uttara daughter of King Virata.He was a posthumous child.Ashwatthama's “Brahma Sira “ astra killed him while he was in the womb but Krishna saved her him as per his promise.Later , Parikshit was bit by Takshaka snake and died.Janamejaya ,son of Parikshit performed a huge Sarpa Yaga to kill all the snakes.Its another story.	Abhimanyu ‘s son name is parakshit	Abhimanyu's son was named Parikshit. He was the only surviving child of the Pandavas (and perhaps the entire Kuru clan).	Abhimanyu’s son was King Parikshit. Yes, Parikshit was the name of Abhimanyu’s son.	
Is Rama and Sita born in the period of Mahabharata	Ramayana and Mahabharath are epics of India. The story of Ramayana belongs to Tretayug. The story of Mahabharath belongs to Dwapara yug. They belong to two totally different periods.	
How many times did Karna defeat Hanuman in Ramayana the epic tale written by Vyasa and not Valmiki	What question is this friend? Karna , a human being, met Hanumanji, a Demigod, in Ramayana period? Hanumanji never met karna even in Mahabharat period.	
What entrepreneurial lessons did you learn from The Mahabharat	What entrepreneurial lessons did you learn from The Mahabharat?Need to be multi-talented; at least master one more trade apart from your core skills. That helps in times of distress. (Pandava’s exile hiding their identity).While transacting business, never be dictated by your emotions and sentiments. Be neutral and appear to be neutral. (Dridhrashtra’s love for Duryodhan)Be alert and awake to yourself and surroundings. (Pandavas when they were sent to the Palace made of inflammable material).During difficult times, do not look from your point of view. That may lead you to take biased decisions. (Arjun getting worried about killing his relatives)Numbers in an organization does not guarantee success. Deployment of right people at the right place at the right time brings success. (Fight between Pandavas and Kauravas- Kauravas had more army strength and great warriors).Learn a skill in total - not partial. Partial skill will lead to disaster in the organization and personal destruction. (Abhimanyu’s death because of his half-knowledge of the configurations in battlefield)	Open-mindedness.One can be technically undefeatable. Like Bishma. Although having the power to do so, but not showing mercy to your already defeated prisoners like Shakuni, his father and 99 brothers, because of an oath took decades ago; not caring about the consent of women like Amba, Ambika and Ambalika, because of an oath took decades ago; not interfering the disrobal of a woman in public, because of an oath took decades ago; not choosing the right side to fight in the war, because of an oath took decades ago; in brief, not adapting principles to the current day circumstances, will surely give way to one's fall. The very throne one took oath to protect will crumble in front of one's eyes. One will be asked to step down, or be nearly killed by a way more modern and liberal Krishna if he considers it necessary, even if he had to break an important promise he made.Not being stubborn and adapting to current day situations, being open to change, is a very important entrepreneurial quality indeed.Humility.One can be a highly worshipped king, a highly respected mastermind. Like Krishna. But if needed, one can take up any task, even if it's the task of a charioteer and it is for one's own still learning disciple, Arjuna. To understand the depth of this situation, you should keep in mind that, because his father was a charioteer, a highly talented warrior like Karna was discriminated, humiliated nearly his whole life.Believing that your dignity doesn't rely on the grandeur of the task you do, like Krishna, is surely an important entrepreneurial quality.Images source: Google.	Hard work though faces problems and troubles coming across on the way of life journey will suceed ultimately. That I had experience. Some times one cannot go beyond from such problems due to binding to a certain conditions. This is what had happen in the Life of Pandavas.	Leadership skillsNo matter how best team you have, if the leader is not good and doesn't have support and full commitment from the team, he can't succeedExample: duryodhanFaith on support systemUnwavering faith on your trusted support system will keep you afloat on severest of stormsExample: arjun's faith on Krishna saved him during battle with karn, jaidrath	
Were the Greeks involved in the War of Mahabharata	Definitely, the Greeks do not have a role in the plot of Māhabhārata.The Māhabhārata relates a war between two branches of the same family, the five Pāṇḍava half-brothers against the one hundred Kaurava twins. These two groups of brothers were first degree paternal cousins.Each of them claimed the throne of Hastinapur. The Pāṇḍavas were the legitimate heirs and won, both because they were older than the Kauravas and because they were begotten by the gods.Māhabhārata has some resemblace with a Greek epic poem, the Iliad. In both stories a group of brothers (Greek Atreides : Indian Pāṇḍavas) conquers a city (Troy : Hatinapur) whose king (Priam : Dhṛtarāṣṭra) is too old to fight.Other Greek myths, such as Aphrodite, Helen, Tiresias and Heracles, are similar to other Indian myths. The similarities might be the result of a common Indoeuropean origin or of cultural influence.	
Who is the best and very strong person in Mahabarata	Strong could be used for Physical strength or strength of character, strength of knowledge and adhering to dharma.If it’s knowledge / Dharma / character etc, would select Vidura. Did his duty towards the kingdom, family, nephews , dharma to the best of his abilities. Everyone had great regard for him.The most obvious choice would be Krishna - he fits the criteria in all the above parameters and maybe much more. Strength (wrestled Chanura as a kid, kept Jarasandha at Bay, killed many mayavi asuras), brilliant strategist, Karma yogi, and many more..	Lord Krishna is the best and strongest person in Mahabharata.When the Mahabharata war ended, Barbareek, who was the witness to the war was asked what he saw.He replied “ all I saw was lord Krishnas sudarshan chakra following all adharmi sinners and killing them and Draupadi dressed like goddess Kali drinking their blood “.The real hero in Mahabharata was lord krishna since he had vowed to put an end to all sinners and adharmis who had taken over the earth and forgotten about virtues and God.The pandavas were too timid and meek to fight and win the war on their own. Arjuna was an escapist and didn't want to fight. So lord krishna had to teach him bhagwad gita and show him the real purpose of his life.So, lord krishna was the real hero.Pls upvote if I've answered your question.	Mahabharatha itself says that Lord Sri Krishna is the best and very strongest person not only in Mahabharathabut also in all vedas Ramayana etcthat is why Agra pooja was done by Yudhistira based on Bheeshma’s justification in the Rajasooya yagaand shishupala revolted against this pooja and finally got killed by Sri Krishna Sri Krishna is sarvothama and next to him Bhemasena is Jeevothama (most strong among all souls )these have been written in the epic itselfhence it is not depending on opinionjust like when we say Sun is the brightest in the Worldand this does not depend on our likes and dislikesit is an universal fact	BhishmaAt youth he sacrificed crown for his father's lust.With grooming age had to take care of kingdom with no crown on his head. Had to undergo several tests.Had to watch his own grand children killing each other and had to fight with his own people at ripe old age.On passing away of brothers son equivalent one king died out of curse and other was lame. He had to balance with law and duties.He has seen almost three generations and had very vast experience.Was a student of Parashurama, son of River Ganges.A staunch believer in Krishna. He knows from beginning, that Krishna was a super soul.For his good contributions god dedicated one of his favourite day ekadashi that too of most important of 24 ekadashis, the first one with rising moon in Bhishma name, called as Bhishma ekadasi.Most importantly God disclosed his secret message through Bhishma, in Anushashika & Shanthi parva which are covering everything in this world.Bhishma had very noble receipt by all gods at his departure. He was honoured, praised and of course abused too, but hr maintained his stand towards dharma.	Why even this question when it's quite obvious and evident that the supreme Lord himself is present in the epic Mahabharat. So according to him it has to be the omnipresent, ever calm, epitome of leadership the great n my personal favourite Lord Krishna	According to meIf you are talking about warriorParshuram is the strongest warrior(as you know the fact that he sweeped all kshatriyas from earth 21 times) but he isn’t the main character. So, Bhishma(Devvrat) is the strongest warrior in mahabharata.If you are talking about personSo as usual Lord Shri Krishna is an unmatchable character and the strongest person in Mahabharata	
Are Ramayana and Mahabharat real events like all those superpowers within a person What if these are epic works of fiction	Sabb Dharti Kagad Karun, Lekhni Sabb Banraye.Saat Samudar Ki Masi Karun, Guru Gun Likha Na Jaye.Jehi Khojat Brahma Thakey, Sur Nar Muni Aru Dev.Kahain Kabir Sun Sadhva, Karu Satguru Ki Sev.The truth that even the Gods, Rishi-Munis, tridev and the like couldn’t realise can be realised by simply serving the real Satguru from the core of heart. Sant Kabir Sahib says that none can know the truth without the grace of SatguruIf we consider at highest level of wisdom this creation that we see does not exist in reality, it is never been created, it a projection of mind. This is the answer gave by Sage Vashista to Ram ji.Therefore, what we witness is relative reality. Relative to the state and stage of that the Consciousness, which is a form of formless mind.At the state of Individuality, Spirit and Atma those events of Ramayana (of Treta Yuga) and Mahabharata (Dwaper Yuga) were real and it will happen again in the next cycle. In the state of Pure Soul they are unreal and never happened. Therefore we say those events are relatively real.They are meant to teach Dharma and Prema to humanity, create devotion to Almighty Kal Niranjan- God and his companion Goddess. But there is a higher Lord above them (BG 8.20–21) Sants call him as Sahib- Satya Purush or Param Purush.Santo Aavey Jai So Maya| Hey Pratipal Kal Nahi Vakey, Na Kahu Gaya Na Aaya||Ka Maksud Mach Kuch Hoi, Shankasur Na Sanghara| Hey Dayal Droha Nahi Vakey, Kahahu Kavan Ko Mara|| Vey Karta Nahi Varah Kahaye, Dharni Dharo Nahi Bhara| E Sab Kam Sahib Ke Nahi, Zuth Kahey Sansaara|| Khambh Khori Jo Bahar Hoi, Tahi Patijey Sab Koi| Harnakush Nakh Udhra Vidhara, So Karta Nahi Hoi|| Baavan Rup Bali Ko Janchey, Ho Janchey So Maya| Nima Vivek Sakal Jag Bharmey, Maye Jag Bharmaya|| Parashuram Chatri Nahi Marey, E Chhal Maya Kinha| Satguru Bhed Bhagti Nahi Janey, Jivhi Mithya Dinha|| Sirjanhaar Na Vyaahi Sita, Jal Pakhan Nahi Bandha| Vey Raghunath Ek Ke Sumire, Jo Sumire So Andha|| Gopi Gwala Na Gokul Aya, Karte Kans Na Mara| Hey Meharbaan Sabhin Ko Sahib, Nahi Jita Nahi Hara|| Vey Karta Nahi Baudh Kahaye, Nahi Asur Sanhara| Gyaanhin Karta Key Bharmey, Maye Jag Bharmaya|| Vey Karta Nahi Bhaya Kalanki, Nahi Kaligrahi Mara| Chal Bhal Sab Maya Kinha, Jatt Sab Tara|| Das Awtaar Ishwari Maya, Karta Ke Jin Puja| Kahey Kabir Suno Bhai Sadho, Upjey Khapey So Dhuja||……………………. Sant Kabir in Kabir Sagar.Taking birth and meeting death are nothing but Maya; that real protector is none other than Sahib (Param Purush of Amarlok-Eternal 4th world), who never die; he never visits these three worlds. People of the world, has taken Avatars as the real Sahib. Kabir Sahib says that where is the need for Matsya (Fish form), Kchap (Tortoise form) and such Avatars! If all are his children then why should he protect, some and kill others? That is why it is said that Supreme Lord, Sahib did not kill Daitya Shankasur because he is very compassionate, he has no enmity with anyone, all Hansas-Souls are of his essence then whom to kill and whom to trouble!!! These torture and killings are not pleasant; these are all cruel and violent actions. Therefore, this work is not of Param purush.That Sahib did not appear as Varah (Pig form) and as not lifted the land. Not all these are the activity of Sahib, but the world attributes these acts on the Supreme Lord-Sahib. The one who came out breaking the pillar in the form of Narsingha (Lion form), everyone has taken him as real Sahib, but the one who tore the stomach of Hiranyakashyapu with the fingernails is also not the real Sahib. The one who taken a Dwarf form, approached Raja Bali for a land of three steps is also not Sahib. That Sahib (Param Purush) never asks for anything, he is the giver of all. Therefore, the whole world is entangled in illusion without proper enquiry; they have taken these Avatars as the ultimate Purush. This way, the Nirakar Kal Niranjan (BG 10.23–32) has deluded the entire universe.That Supreme Lord, Sahib did not appear as Parshuram for killing the Kshatriyas. This is the wicked act of Maya. Without being aware of real Satguru (Knower of Truth BG2.16 &4.34) Bhakti (Satya Bhakti), people have wasted their entire lives. Further, he says that Sahib did not marry Sita. How can one marry his own daughter! Nor does he build the bridge over sea. It is foolishness to develop devotion to anyone without proper enquiry. That Supreme Lord Sahib did not play with the Gopis in the Gokul and did not kill Kans in the guise of a sustainer. He is one of compassion and pure love, Neither he wins against someone nor loses to someone. He did not appear as Buddha even, he did not kill the Rakshasas.Without the knowledge of real Sahib (Param Purush), people are deluded. Maya has put everyone in delusion. He did not come in Kalki Avatar even; he did not kill the people of Kali Yuga. All these wicked acts are done by Maya.Kal Purush has destroyed Yogis, Men of penance, and Men of truth. Just like a small kid satisfied by a toy Aircraft when he actually demands for a real one, so does Maya deludes Mahatmas and Maha Purushas with falsehood. All the ten Avatars are nothing but projection of Maya by Kal Niranjan (this Niranjan is called as Paramatma or Ishwar by the worldly people and Gurus, Sants address him as Kal Niranjan, Kal Purush, Almighty God, Nirakar Niranjan or Mind), whom the entire worlds takes as the ultimate Lord and eternal one.Sanak Sanandan Sanatkumara, Sankadik Se Charo Avtara. Dhyan Ju Kare Bhakti Mahin, Niranjan So Nyara Kou Nahin. Bhakt Anek Bhaye Jag Mahin, Nirbhay Ghar Ko Pavat Nahin. Bhakti Karain Tab Bhakt Kahave, Bhagte Rahit Na Koi Pave. Bhag Bhugte Fir Fir Bhag Aave, Bhag Te Nyara Koi Nahin. Meri Bhakti Yukti Jana, Taka Avagaman Nashana. Sant KabirSanak, Sanandan, Sanat kumara, Sankadik (Sons of Brahma) reach only till Niranjan after their devotion. There have been many types of devotees in this world but no one has been able to reach Amarlok. Everyone is lost in the sensual pleasures. They are drowned in those senses and take birth in through the same sensual pleasure ( Creation after Creation), and could not escape. Those who knows the secret of my devotion doesn't come in the mother's womb again (BG 8.21).Kabir Sahib says "Oh people of the world! Listen and enquire that the one who is born with the body and dies, cannot be Sahib, he is nothing but somebody else (Niranjan-Mind).Sant Kabir?[Sant Kabir Sahib ( Appeared not being in the womb of mother in 1398 and left without leaving any Body in front of 100 thousand people in 1518 at the time Hindus and Muslims were fighting in India) Kabir Sahib came In Satya Yuga as Satkurut, in Treta yug he became famous in the world by the name, Munindraji, In Dwaparyug Param purush again summoned Sahib, asked him to go to the mortal world and save the Jivas from Kaal Purush, as he was harassing, and torturing the Jivas, then he was known as 'Karunamay‘ Kabir Sahib opposed the prevalent hypocrisy in the Name of religion and created awareness among the masses. You will be surprised to know that about 15 crore people are supporting their families by exploiting the innocent people in the Name of religion. In his life time the hypocrites tried their best to defame him in every possible manner. ]The AgreementKal Purush pleaded with Sahib Kabir in Satya Yuga for running 12 false paths in the name of Kabir Sahib by deluding the Jivas because only in the Kaliyug, Sahib's Naam will be given to many Jivas and to be taken to Satlok. In the other three Yugas, Sahibji takes very few people to Amarlok. In these three Yugas, Niranjan himself comes as Avatars and like a Hero of protection he deludes the Jivas. People get drowned in this. Many Guru promote Bhakti of Kal Purush but truth takes them to Jail.If God the mind (BG 3.27, & 10.22)is removed at individual level, Maya goes with him, so do his play. Then Soul abides in its bliss eternal, ever in the now moment-Awareness- Vartaman.Understand the difference between Awareness and Consciousness. Awareness is in the Concentration. Consciousness is time, space and matter dependent.Indians are fortunate, for Satguru appears in India and developing devotion to Satguru they attain immortal 4th world Amarlok (BG 8.21) other religious people follow Almighty in to his next creation, in maya and karma entanglement. Remember that all the three worlds are destroyed when God sleeps for night rest.Avoid excessive praise of God, Consider God as friend. Seek a real SatguruIf one is happy with Maya world, what has to seek from God is God as a friend and not any small and worthless benefits. Such praise for securing favours has a commercial tinge. Even the favours got through such praise are not proper at all. It is because the rishis and the yogis in the past resorted to such praise that they had to perform penance for hundreds of years to get a vision of the God in form. Make God as your friend, he acts due to his own compulsions, and seek, surrender and serve a Satguru (BG 4.34)- Way forward.Ref Kabir Sagar, Bhagavad Gita.	Vishnu Prasath's answer to Are Ramayan and Mahabharata real?Hope this does justice :)	Exaggerated narrations are possible in epics. The right way to learn the epics are from people who are scholarly. Self-reading is to be avoided, if people are really interested in learning evolution of tradition through ‘iTihAsas’.	I would recommend you to search in quora for answer to the question“How correct am I in believing that (Hindu) mythology is actually just philosophical fiction? If so, is it logical to worship it?”	
Which language was used by characters in the Mahabharata to converse between themselves Some are claiming that nobody spoke in Sanskrit	Period of Mahabharatam dates back to 3500 BC to 2000 BC , a time that is prior to Indus Valley Civilisation that dates back to 2000BC , there were no Sanskrit at that time of Mahabharatham , Sanskrit is not an spoken language anytime anywhere in the world !the sequence of events of Mahabharatham was written in Rongorong scripts which were pictorial writings written in glyphs as found in easter island , Peru , Brazil and in New zealand as rock engraved pictorial writing that was followed around 2000BC , this rongorong scripts are very similar to Indus valley Script. (Both are same).Does Indus Valley Script have any connection to Sanskrit or any other indo european languages , the main problem with this theory is the fact that horses played a very important role in all Indo-European cultures, being a people constantly on the move. "There is no escape from the fact that the horse played a central role in the Vedic and Iranian cultures..." (Parpola, 1986) Sidenote: "Vedic" means from the time of the Vedas, the earliest text in India, and the Vedic culture is from around 1500 to 500 BC. However, no depiction of horses on seals nor any remains of horses have been found so far before 2000 BC. They only appear after 2000 BC. Very likely there were no Aryan speakers present before 2000 BC in the Indus Valley.The language belongs to the Munda family of languages. The Munda family is spoken largely in eastern India, and related to some Southeast Asian languages. Like Aryan, the reconstructed vocabulary of early Munda does not reflect the Harappan culture. So its candidacy for being the language of the Indus Civilization is dim.The language is Dravidian (Tamil). The Dravidian family of languages is spoken in Southern Indian, but Brahui is spoken in modern Pakistan. So far this is the most promising model,Indus valley scripts are written in Tamili (Tamil Brahmi) , a sign symbolic language , People during Mahabharatham spoke very ancient version of Tamil ie) Tamili. This can again be verified with the Sri lanka Stone Bench Discovered 3km off the coast of Godawaya, at the site of a 2,000 year old shipwreck.If the events of Mahabharatham were written in Tamili , Does mahabharatham have any Tamil Connection ?Very much ,Indus scripts can be easily deciphered by Tamil Scholars , they infact read the pot inscriptions so fluently bcz it was written in ancient form of Tamil known as Tamili.Mahabharatham is a historic record of events that happened during 3500 BC (approx) , When there was war between 100 malai Naattu Kuravars of Kerala and 5 Pandya kings from tamil nadu. Malai Kuravars opposed to idea of clearing forests for Agricultural purposes , and Pandyas were for clearing forest for agriculture , the conflict between them ended in a bloody war which is depicted as Mahabharatham.Poruvazhy Peruviruthy Malanada, popularly known as Peruviruthy Malanada or Malai nadu is the only Duryodhana Temple in South India. It is located at Edakkad Ward of Poruvazhy village in Kunnathoor Taluk of Kollam district, IndiaPoruvazhy Peruviruthy Malanada Duriyodhana Temple (Kerala):(Ancient Althara (Al (not) + Thara(plain land) means Not a plain land ie) raised structure or it represents mountain rulers who are not linked to plain lands ) , formless worship as found similar to Jewish worship , Jews too call this as Altar )Etymology of words PoruVazhy = Poru(War) + vazhy(path) = War PathPeruViruthy means Great Expansion , Swelled in large etc. This means the place where the forces assembled and started marching for War. This temple is located in Kollam , Kollan means Iron Smith , and it is an ancient place where iron smelting was done and it is from here that weapons were made.These Kurava people of Malai Nadu (Mountain kingdoms) marched and joined together reaching the plain to fight with Pandyas is called as Kura(va) + Ser (Join)+ Tharai (Plain) = KuraSerTharai → Kuruserthara , It is the place where war between Kurava and Pandyas had taken place !Pavithreswaram (pagutheswaram) Malanada for Saguni (Kollam ,Kerala) ,Kunniradhathu Malainada Temple for Duchchalai ,Ennassery Malanada Temple for Ducchadhana all found in Kerala.Temple for Draupati Amman can commonly be seen in many parts of Tamil Nadu , It is a village god in TN. , as Draupati is depiction of Green Agricultural Fields that was under 5 Pandya kings rule , it was Draupati (Agricultural field) that became the central point of conflict between Malainaattu Kuravars and Pandyas. Draupati temples mostly are located in fertile Delta areas where agriculture is predominant !Draupati Amman Temple (Tamil Nadu) :How did the events of Mahabharatam then goes to Easter island , peru , brazil like far away places , well the answer is after Kuravars got defeated in the war their descendants were exiled from their respective countries , it was those kurava people who carried this tradition to far away places.The day when Mahabharatha war ended , that day was celebrated as victory for agriculturalists , it was celeberated as pongal (harvest festival) by tamils marking their victory over Kuravars. It was marked as Thai 1st , the day when Markhazhi ends , markhazhi end marks the day of death of Veera Samar (Bheeshmar) , as veera samar is nothing but war field , Death of Bheeshman actually depicts End of War !Proof below (see video):Amazing 101 Kaurava Heritage Of Kerala (Mahabarath-7)Shocking Truth On Mahabarath Part-1Amazing Primitive History Of MankindAmazing Meaning Of The Five Yuga Concept Of KrishnaMy Interesting Journey Into Mahabarath ResearchAmazing Facts On The Herding CommunitiesKrishna Was A Chaste Tamil (Mahabarath - 6)Dronachari - The Key To Ancient Tamil Culture (Mahabarath 9)Archuna - The Interesting Character of Mahabarath (Mahabarath-10)Mind Blowing Karna (Mahabarath 11)The Role Of Beeshma In Mahabarath (Mahabarath12)Mahabarath Saguni Was A Jew (Mahabarath 13)People during Mahabharatham spoke ancient form of Tamil (Tamili).	As per the Wikipedia article, the general scholarly consensus is that the Mahabharata had been composed by at least the 4th century BCE.The earliest known references to the Mahābhārata and its core Bhārata date to the Aṣṭādhyāyī (sutra 6.2.38) of Pāṇini (fl. 4th century BCE) and in the Aśvalāyana Gṛhyasūtra (3.4.4). This may mean the core 24,000 verses, known as the Bhārata, as well as an early version of the extended Mahābhārata, were composed by the 4th century BCE. A report by the Greek writer Dio Chrysostom (c. 40 - c. 120 CE) about Homer's poetry being sung even in India, seems to imply that the Iliad had been translated into Sanskrit. However, Indian scholars have, in general, taken this as evidence for the existence of a Mahābhārata at this date, whose episodes Dio or his sources identify with the story of the Iliad.-Mahabharata - WikipediaThe language of that time in India, was Vedic Sanskrit (soon to undergo Panini’s treatment to give rise to Classical Sanskrit).So therefore the Mahabharata the epic, i.e. the literary work itself would’ve been written and recited in Vedic Sanskrit.And if that is the case AND assuming that the Mahabharata was inspired by a sequence of real events which occurred earlier, then it stands to reason that the people who were involved in those real life events also spoke Vedic Sanskrit.The historicity of the Kurukshetra War is unclear. Many historians estimate the date of the Kurukshetra war to Iron Age India of the 10th century BCE.The setting of the epic has a historical precedent in Iron Age (Vedic) India, where the Kuru kingdom was the center of political power during roughly 1200 to 800 BCE.A dynastic conflict of the period could have been the inspiration for the Jaya, the foundation on which the Mahābhārata corpus was built, with a climactic battle eventually coming to be viewed as an epochal event.Puranic literature presents genealogical lists associated with the Mahābhārata narrative. The evidence of the Puranas is of two kinds. Of the first kind, there is the direct statement that there were 1015 (or 1050) years between the birth of Parikshit (Arjuna's grandson) and the accession of Mahapadma Nanda (400-329 BCE), which would yield an estimate of about 1400 BCE for the Bharata battle.However, this would imply improbably long reigns on average for the kings listed in the genealogies.Of the second kind are analyses of parallel genealogies in the Puranas between the times of Adhisimakrishna (Parikshit's great-grandson) and Mahapadma Nanda. Pargiter accordingly estimated 26 generations by averaging 10 different dynastic lists and, assuming 18 years for the average duration of a reign, arrived at an estimate of 850 BCE for Adhisimakrishna, and thus approximately 950 BCE for the Bharata battle.Map of some Painted Grey Ware(PGW) sites.B. B. Lal used the same approach with a more conservative assumption of the average reign to estimate a date of 836 BCE, and correlated this with archaeological evidence from Painted Grey Ware (PGW) sites, the association being strong between PGW artifacts and places mentioned in the epic.John Keay confirm this and also gives 950 BCE for the Bharata battle.Attempts to date the events using methods of archaeoastronomy have produced, depending on which passages are chosen and how they are interpreted, estimates ranging from the late 4th to the mid-2nd millennium BCE.The late 4th-millennium date has a precedent in the calculation of the Kaliyuga epoch, based on planetary conjunctions, by Aryabhata (6th century). Aryabhata's date of 18 February 3102 BCE for Mahābhārata war has become widespread in Indian tradition. Some sources mark this as the disappearance of Krishna from earth.The Aihole inscription of Pulikeshi II, dated to Saka 556 = 634 CE, claims that 3735 years have elapsed since the Bharata battle, putting the date of Mahābhārata war at 3137 BCE.Another traditional school of astronomers and historians, represented by Vriddha-Garga, Varahamihira (author of the Brhatsamhita) and Kalhana (author of the Rajatarangini), place the Bharata war 653 years after the Kaliyuga epoch, corresponding to 2449 BCE.-Mahabharata - WikipediaSidenote (this is a segue thats not strictly related to the question, feel free to skip if not interested): It was also roughly around this time, and by that I mean around 400 BC, that the various different dialects of Vedic language (typically called Vedic Sanskrit), as spoken by the common people ie. the prakrit spoken by common people across different regions, started diverging from each other and establishing their separate identities which would later give rise to the Prakrit languages like Magadhi, Pali etc.If you’re confused about the term Prakrit (does it mean Vedic Sanskrit or these later languages?), keep in mind the etymology of the word.The term prakrta literally means "original, natural, normal, artless", states Franklin Southworth.-Sanskrit - WikipediaBasically, the term prakrit in its original meaning is similar to what in English would be called “colloquial” (as in “used in ordinary or familiar conversation; not formal or literary”) as well as “vernacular” (which has regional connotations, relevant because of the divergence of the Various dialects of the Vedic language which would give birth to new languages later).So during Vedic times, the common people spoke the “prakrit” version of the Vedic language (which we call Vedic Sanskrit for the lack of a better term, even though the term “Sanskrit” itself comes from when the Vedic language was formalized and preserved to create the Classical version of the language, typically called “Classical Sanskrit” …. I know, rather complicated).Its just that the different prakrit dialects of the Vedic language in different regions later started diverging to the point they started giving rise to new languages altogether (like Magadhi, Pali, Shauraseni etc.). And colloquially we call these separate languages too as “Prakrit”.So we have two usages for the word “prakrit”:“prakrit” as in the colloquial/vernacular version of the language spoken commonly, on a day to day basis, by the people of a place. Eg. A rural Irishman speaking English in which the sounds of English are heavily changed by the Irish accent and in which the language has several Irish-isms and informal-isms can be said to be speaking a prakrit version of English …. the typical London punk will also be speaking a form of English but with lots of informal-isms (eg. “bruv” or “lol”). That too can be said to be a “prakrit” of English.“Prakrit” as in the separate languages that evolved out of the various different dialects of the Vedic language (which we call Vedic Sanskrit) spoken by people in different regions of Bharatavarsha.End of segue.The above segue about Prakrit wasn’t really relevant to the question but when researching info for this answer, I came across that stuff and though it was worth sharing.	Interesting Question.Mahabharata occoured after Ramayana. The oldest language in Indian subcontinent which consist of India Pakistan Bangladesh and Burma is sanskrit.During the period of Ramayana Tamil language was invented by Agastha muni who is the father of Tamil language mentioned in Ramayana and other sanskrit texts.American space agency NASA agrees that Lord Ram bridge connecting India and Sri Lanka existed. Mentioned in valmiki Ramayana written in Sanskrit.Sanskrit language had earlier scripts before devanagri script got invented they got destroyed in India but they are found in China and Japan known as siddham script for writing sanskrit language.So Tamil started to develope as a language when sanskrit was already developed. Lord Ram killed Ravan in srilanka which is below SouthIndia around 5000 to 6000 B.CHowever Mahabharata war happened in northern India between 3000 and 3500 B.c. so all the characters in Mahabharata were speaking sanskrit language.Sanskrit is a special language. When learning sanskrit in school my sanskrit teacher would teach us simple easy words for giving long discription about some thing .and then my sanskrit school teacher would teach us how simple words used for describing something can be made short using certain combination techniques.That is how sanskrit shlokas are written. Instead of using large number of words we can say several things by combining different words into a few long words.Sanskrit language is a very high marks scoring subject in school . If we understand how simple words are combined together and made into shlokas. We can describe many things by writing very little.So the characters in Mahabharata were all speaking sanskrit language using simple wordsWhen Mahabharata was written it was written in Sanskrit shlokas by combining simple words into complex words.Mahabharata shlokas.If we study sanskrit conversation we don't need to make shlokas .similarly many hindi songs are made into sanskrit without creating complicated shloka words. Using simple words.There is a sanskrit version for the same Hindi pop music song using simple sanskrit words for describing the same things in the Hindi songs.Sanskrit shlokas words are specially crafted long code words using simple sanskrit words.Mahabharata characters were speaking sanskrit language using simple sanskrit words for describing things.people who wrote Mahabharata wrote it using shlokas combining simple sanskrit words into complex words to make it short.	The word 'Sanskrita' is a very recent one. The same language was not known by this name at the time of Mahabharata. When there is only one language, there is no need for a name for the language. If there is only one river in a small island, people may only call it a river; no name is required.The age of Mahabharata is debatable. For the sake of denying that Sanskrit started from the Vedas 1500 BC and Mahabharata 3000 BC, there was not Sanskrit at the time of Mahabharata is far-fetched.'Abhava' - absence cannot be an adequately strong evidence. My not having a photo of my mother, my not having seen my mother's photo etc cannot mean I do not have a mother.There is no record - audio recording; generally visitors from foreign countries are dependable in such matters. Marco polo, Fahian, huan suang, Al Biruni etc. From Al Biruni's words, it appears that people were speaking Sanskrit, though the word Sanskrit had not come into vogue even at that time.	Simple.In what language Bhima spoke to Idumba?In what language Yekaliva spoke to Drona?In what language Krishna spoke to his people?If Sakuni is from Afghanistan, in what language he converse with his subjects?In what language “Satyavathi” and her father converse with Bhisma?Do you think they converse in sanskrit?But Buddha gives answer to this question. Both epics happened post Buddhism influence starts in India.Buddha knows sanskrit and many languages.But he chooses Pali as the language for his teachings. Reason is it the language of common people.So in north the people spoke in Pali not in sanskritEven in south at that time, Pali and Prakrit was used in writing Buddhism and Jainism documents.	Please read Alvaro Hans' answer to If Hindu mythology is true, did Hindu gods speak Vedic Sanskrit or Classical Sanskrit? for some insight in this regard.Since it has recently been proved that Sanskrit was only a CODE that was never spoken at any point of time,it was Prakrit that could have been spoken by all the characters.Linguists now have also found out that Prakrit is one of few dummy names used used for referring to Tamil vide https://www.quora.com/On-what-ba... .	
Why cant we put a case on TV serials misleading the original context of Ramayan and Mahabharat Why cant we stop them	Who says that you can not lodge complaint against TV Serial Director, who is misleading the facts of Hindu Scripture and epics?You are free to lodge the complaint against the Director of the serial. I am also of the same views like you. In fact, such Directors should be taught the lesson that if anything is not known to them, must not try to distort the facts.You are right, now a days, people want to define the definitions of Santan Dharma/ Hinduism by their own views. “Siya Ke Ram,’ “Mahadev” and presently Paramavtar “Sri Krishn”are totally misleading and distorting the facts of Ramayan and Sri Mad Bhagvatam.What we see in the Serial is totally contradictory of the facts of Ramayan and other scriptures. In Siya Ke Ram, Lord Ram was produced with mustaches and beard on his face. In parmavatar Sri Krishn, which is being telecasted on & TV is totally misleading and manipulated story, which has no base whatsoever.Those who do not know perfectly Ramayan and Bhagvatam would be mislead and moved to the opposite directive, due to such distortion. Such serial should be banned strictly.However, if anyone tries to produce the Proper story of Lord Sri Ram and Sri Krishn, such Director should be appreciated too.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram/	We can do this only if the producer claims that the series is true and faithful to the original version of Veda Vyasa/Valmiki. On the other hand you may find in the title credits a list of the various versions based on which the show was produced. Each author had his own version under the cover of poetic liberty and as far as the producer was concerned he wanted the most populistic plot to please the viewers and which got maximum TRP s. All said and done this is purely a commercial decision.	Once the serial is telecast, people watch it and form impressions taking them as facts of the epic. It is better if the censor board/certification authority could caution and stop/ modify the contents to conform to the original epics before telecast. Quorans can start a petition, get it digitally signed by like minded Quorans and send it to the central board of certification of TV serials.	We can stop them provided we know the source from which the TV serial has adapted the story. If we don't find any relevance between what is telecasted and what is real, we can complaint. Please read more about EMMC-electronic media monitoring centre, BCCC-broadcasting content complaint council.	Who are all powerful and in control of entertainment banking and government? They have been destroying indian egyptian european cultures since start of Christian era. Who are they? Do u know? What do you call a lice in hindi?	
Who was Karans wife in Mahabharata	There are a lot of folk stories that say different names of wives of Karna like:VrushaliSupriyaUruviBut the original version available mentions only one marriage of Karna with a woman of the Suta caste. It doesn't mention her name though.Jai shri Krishna	
Why did Lord Krishna love Arjun even though he was an asshole	It seems like you don't know how to adjective.But that's not important but answer is.Lord Krishna didn't only love Arjuna but everyone. But Arjuna was the one who used to respect him and adore him. Lord Krishna even went to Duryodhan and try to convince. But he never respected Lord Krishna. He always considered Lord Krishna as his inferior as he belong Gwala community.Relation between Arjuna and Lord Krishna is famous due to Bhagwat Geeta. But even that was the mistake of Duryodhan. He asked for Narayani Sena. If he would have asked for Lord Krishna then Lord Krishna would have certainly gone on his side. But he didn't give Lord Krishna importance.I don't know why you wrote Arjuna a asshole. Because Mahabharata is the longest and greatest poem. When poem was written motto behind that was to show the real nature of human being. As you can see no character in Mahabharat is flawless. Everyone in it had made some mistake or sin. Even you can not justify the action of Lord Krishna sometimes in it. That's the beauty of Mahabharat. Don't make your perception just on the basis of Tv show and stories that you've heard.Thank you	
Why Hidimba did not get her due in Mahabharat	Because the rules of the Mahabharat war drafted in that manner that only man can participate in the war…..females are prohibitated….and hidimba was wife of Bhima…and mother of Ghatotkach	
What was so special about Arjuna that every woman felt attracted towards him	Thanks for asking the question which I enjoy answering ….much awaited question.As a woman I can understand why women get attracted to him.. in that era.First I will tell why others were not that desirable in comparison with Arjun and I eliminate Krishna here.Let me start with the much hyped charecter of the Epic.KarnaWe have novels raining and drenching us from all sides nowadays making him a hero ,coveted and desirable overshadowing the real hero of the Epic…Arjun.Contrary to what Chitra Divakaruni or Kavita Kane or Pratibha re projected in their novels Vyasa’s Epic did not present any woman,(princess or not.).feel attracted towards him. Karna himself admitted that he married as per Adhiratha’s wish to Suta caste women only. But reputed writers of today are hell bent on promoting Draupadi as Karna’s love interest and went to the extent of creating fictional wives to him by the names Supriya,Vrishali,Urvi…etc.Karna of the Epic was handsome Without Doubt. His looks were described time and again …He posessed golden complexion with a beautiful face. He was famous since his appearance at the exhibition of skills though he did not prove himself better than Arjun any time .after that. He was crowned King of Anga ..contrary to what people promote he was never degraded due to his caste.Still we did not see any beautiful woman propose to him or any father yearn to have him as his son in law.Reason as per my study…his arrogance,his disrespect for elders,his outlook towards women ..he proved how mean he could be during dyut Sabha. ..all these contributed towards creating an image that would never attract a woman..Yudhishtir..He was the emperor of Kurus …The Eldest Pandav was born with his claim to be the future emperor..and he became one in due course of time. He was described as having lotus like eyes,a big nose with fair complexion..He was loved by people as their king…but unfortunately he was not popular among women.We learn that Devika selected him in a Swayamvara but we don’t see her with him in asramavasa Parva.The Empress Draupadi loved his younger brother the most…Yudhishtir himself admitted thus.King Virat offered Uttara to Arjun knowing fully well that it will be Yudhishtir who will reign over Aryavarth.Reason..Women hardly care for power or position. They prefer valour,skill…they just discard one who will depend on his brothers…Obviously Yudhishtir can not be desirable to women…BhimaBhima also was good looking with great physical strength..He killed many demons..He was loved by Hidimba a demoness but we don’t see him desirable otherwise.Reason; Bhima did not have the charm or skill to know the heart of women. He was not popular among women who expect more than might and looks.NakulaThe most handsome Pandava as per the Epic did not have any claim to fame in case of his spell over women. He was not having achievements that prove his valour ..and this was a matter of concern. Nakula was not desirable though famous for his good looks.What was so special about Arjuna that women could not resist his charm?How does he look?The Epic described his looks till ashramavasa parva..Means almost the end..Arjuna was tall,dark,handsome with curly hair..Syamo Yuva gudakeso darsaniyo maharathah..He was described thus…even in war parvas ..The Epic did not get exhausted to praise his curly hair ….case in point in his fight with Karna Arjuna’s crown is burnt and he ties up a white cloth round his hair.Excerpt“Reft of diadem, the dark complexioned and youthful Partha looked beautiful like a blue mountain of lofty summit. Binding then his locks with a white cloth, Arjuna stood perfectly unmoved. With that white gear on his head, he looked like the Udaya hill illumined with the rays of the sun.”Another noteworthy point is his youthfulness. He was ever young..even after he crossed middle age..he was said to be youthful..here is the verse from asrama vasa Parv.yastveSha pArshve.asya mahAdhanuShmA;~nshyAmo yuvA vAraNayUthapAbhaH |siMhonnatA.nso gajakhelagAmI; padmAyatAkSho.arjuna eSha vIraH || 7||Here Yuva indicates his youthfulness.Hence Arjuna of the Epic was extremely handsome with irresistible charm..The Epic validated the fact by means of the abduction of Ulupi who was on the verge of commiting suicide if he did not fulfill her wish.According to Unabridged versions Apsara Urvasi was besotted with him and cursed him when he refused to oblige in favour of her advances.Archer par ExcellenceThe fish target victory skyrocketed Arjuna’s popularity among women. When he visited Dwarika during his pilgrimage women thronged the streets along with men in hundreds and thousands to have a look at him.avalokeShu nArINAM sahasrANi shatAni cha |bhojavRRiShNyandhakAnAM cha samavAyo mahAnabhUt || 18||Why?Only looks can not make a person get such huge popularity. Specially in Dwapar yug…valour was the prime requisite to acquire fame. If not Nakul would have become more popular.Arjuna’s charming persona got embellished with extraordinary valour.Unlike Karna,Arjuna never rested on his past laurels. He went on achieving one after other bettering himself ….His valour extraordinaire earned him unrivalled reputation.Well mannered and treated women on par with himselfI hate to use the word feminist since the word nowadays is misused to a great extent. But Arjuna posessed Such traits that enhanced his dignity and charm. Case in point while Bhima ,after the disrobing Of Draupadi could not suppress his desperation and said.”.How could children born from an insulted wife be serviceable to us,”Arjuna corrected him by saying na chaivokta na Chanukta hinatah parusha Girah…Such words should not be uttered regarding those…( Draupadi is a sati..Don’t say such words regarding her….Gita press .)Draupadi loved him for being her friend,lover and husband.Subhadra never resented his action..the so called abduction..and remained a vira Patni the wife of a heroUlupi who spent only one night proved her devotion by averting the curse of Vasus.Chitrangada loved him to the extent of not wishing life after his death..A man’s desirability gets established with the way his wives shower unconditional love for him.FinallyArjuna deserved such love from women due to his all round brilliance. He did posess what every woman like to see in a man..Charm,valour,dignity,chivalry,…Yes he was a complete package that women can not resist but love…Source referencesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Adi Parva ch. 210,Asramavasa Parva 32Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Karna Parva 90Gita Press Mahabharat with Hindi Translation by Pandit RamnarayanSouthen Edition Kumbhakonam And PPS Sastri Edited Sanskrit versionsNilakantha Bhavadipa	
What was the relationship between Bhishma and Pandavas	Bhishma was the eldest son of Shantanu from Ganga. Shantanu was the king of Hastinapur.After Ganga leaves Shantanu, he marries Satyavati. They have two sons and a daughter. The younger son Vichitravirya dies on the battlefield leaving behind widows Ambika and Ambalika. Satyavati’s son out of wedlock Vedvyasa impregnates the widows and a maid. Thus Pandu, Dhritrastra and Vidhur were born.Pandu himself was incapable of having children. His wives have five children on surrogates, the Pandavs.	Bhishma was the uncle of Pandu, and the Pandavas were the sons of Pandu, thus accordingly, Bhishma was the grandfather of the Pandavas.	Bhishma was Pitamaha or grandfather to the Pandavas. Bhishma was the son of King Shantanu and Ganga. Therefore he was biologically last of the Kuru race ideally.King Shantanu also married Satyavati for whom Bhishma made the terrible vow of celibacy so that her children would be uncontested as Kings.Satyavati had two sons vichitravirya and chitrangada. Both died before they could have children. Therefore to continue the lineage of kurus, their queens Ambika and Ambalika had children with Vyasa who was Satyavatis son from her previous relationship with sage Parashar.The children born to Vyas and Ambika, Ambalika were Dhritirashtra and Pandu. So they were the sons of Bhishmas step Brothers. And Pandus children were Pandavas.Bhishma also administered the kingdom as regent until Dhritirashtra and Pandu were old enough to be Kings. Eventually , he led the Kauravas in the Kurukshetra war . Even on his deathbed, he shared the wisdom of ruling the kingdom with Yudhistira.Therefore, Bhishma was the torchbearer and protector of the Kuru dynasty to which the Pandavas belonged. He was like a grandfather, teacher and guide to them.	Bhisma is the grandfather of Pandavas. Because he is the uncle of Dhritarashtra, Pandu and Vidur. Bhisma being son of Ganga and King Shantanu. He is the elder brother of Vichitravirya and Chitrangada who were the two sons of Satyavati, King Shantanu ‘s second wife.	
Was Dronacharya correct in refusing Ekalavya as his student	Yes, Guru Dronacharya was right on his stand.Common people without knowing the truth make comment on Ramayan and Mahabahrat.This is the story of Guru Drona and Eklavya, which happened in Dwapar Yug. What Guru Drona did was then custom that the Dhanu Vidhya or archery was for Kshatriye Kings and Prince. Kshatriye Prince had to safeguard the society, village and Nation. Others people have nothing to do with it. All four Varna were defined their duty.Guru Drona was appointed Guru to teach the Princes of Hastinapur, which were Pandavas and Kaurvas. Eklavya was not a Kshatriye by his varna and it was not his business to learn archery. Because, it was the custom to Princes to see. Eklavya went to meet Guru Drona and expressed his desire to learn Dhanu Vidhya, which Drona refused to teach him.Eklavya then breaking the boundary of custom, began to learn at his hut. He made the effigy of his Guru Drona and as per his wish, he began to learn. Hence, he learnt the Dhanu Vidhya, without informing the Guru. In fact, it was the theft of knowledge.So, one day, Guru Drona along with his pupils went to the open field for practice of Dhanu Vidhya, where he saw a dog, filled up its mouth with arrows. When Dronacharya reached the hut of Eklavya, he was surprised to see that his idol was stalled and Eklavya was practicing the Dhanu Vaan. Guru Drona said to Eklavya that he had theft the knowledge of archery, because, without informing me, you learnt the knowledge from his blessings.So, Without Guru Daksihina, no knowledge would be perfect. Guru Drona then asked the the right thumb of Eklavya in Guru Dakshina. Eklavya was pleased to see it and he happily donated his right thumbs to his Guru Drona.It is fact that Guru Drona by this action, bared Eklavya from archery, but condition is why, he broke the rules of then custom? Those period was Dwapar and everyone was defined his duty. Eklavya had no business to learn archery.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram/	Yes we can consider he was right half .Before accepting ekalavya that all incident he has given his vachana or u can say his words to raja that Arjun will be the best Archer in the whole aryas samaj .So in olden days once vachana is given is given they were never breaking it if any strong situation comes..So he was right in rejecting ekalavya because he has given vachana to raja .So he didn't accept .We should appreciate his dhama .To maintain his vachana	Er..duh. It's called freedom to contract. The more difficult question is whether he was right in exacting his fee but that pretty much foreshadows and ties into the larger theme of Pratijna vs Karma.	
Pandava and Karna both were the sons of Gods Therfore they all should have tendency to support good Why was Karna adharm since the beginning	Thanks for A2A.Karna is one of the great character to analyze and understand human psychology. There could be multiple reason for the way Kana behaves. I am just suggesting and it’s a set of opinions based on whatever I read still now.Karna’s father Adhiratha belongs to Royal family of Anga. The state of Anga was named after King Anga. Karna was brought up in Champa.Now given that Duryodhana could declare Karna as king of Anga, one should ask how come Anga came under control of Hastinapur.One possibility is that King Pandu’s conquests where he won over a number of eastern kingdom and imposed a political slavery on the rulers of those Kingdom and took much prosperity back to Hastinapur.Now text explicitly doesn’t mention that Pandu won Anga but it did mentions the adjacent states such as Suhma, Magadha, Poundra etc.So here I am speculating that Pandu brought Anga under sway of Hastinapur and imposed the slavery on it’s rulers. Karna was already with Adhiratha by that time.Now it was said that Adhiratha was a friend of Dritarastra who was the acting King after Pandu retired to forest.Why Adhiratha became friend of Dritarastra? No clue given - it could be personal or it could have political motive of getting back lost Kingdom.For example after the half of Panchala Kingdom was taken, Drupada had wish to give his daughter to Arjuna, who was son of his friend Pandu - but obviously he was choosing Pandavas out of two clans as political alliance as well.Such parallel could be there in case of Adhiratha who tried his connection with Dritarastra the acting King to build a political future for his son Karna.Now it was due to friendship that Karna lands up in Hastinapur and ends up making friendship with Duryodhana who was son of acting King.Technically it is natural that he would have friendship with Duryodhana since their fathers were also friend.This possibly happened even before Pandavas arrived in Hastinapur.The moment Pandavas arrived Duryodhana got in secured for the crown.People started thinking Yudisthira for crown prince. He was the eldest son of the lineage and also the eldest son of Pandu who was possibly very popular among Kuru people for his conquests.On top of that his good behavior might have impressed them.Bhima alone was enough for 100 Kouravas. Think 100 brothers could do nothing to 5 brothers and only defeated again and again indifferent engagement of sports and wrestling.He had inflicted a fear among Kouravas.So all these made Duryodhana very in secured about getting the crown.On top of that he knew his father was even though eldest, he was denied to be the king because of his blindness. So Dritarastra himself had sense of injustice and he always had secret wish to see his son gets the crown.On other side Duryodhana knew this that his father has sense of injustice.So Duryodhana always tried to kill Pandavas with help of Shakuni and Karna but failed.Scenario became difficult for Duryodhana when Drona arrived. Arjuna excelled in weapon training under him.He really needed some one who could protect them from Arjuna.There is another side of Karna as well. He must have known that he was not the biological son of Adhiratha and Radha.Given the presence of Kavacha Kundala it was not big deal. And obviously neighbor or relatives could also told him that.On top of that he must have thought that he must be a son of princess or great King due to the presence of same armor.Therefore he never wanted to be known as son of suta - identity crisis.He wanted to be known as warrior lineage - I mean he wanted to prove he belongs to warrior lineage.The fact which was probably guessed at earliest by Duryodhana.So when Karna found Duryodhana was in secured, he jumped in to band wagon to play the role of hero in front of 100 Khsatriya princes.Think how you feel when 100 princes including son of King cheering for you and it’s your dream to establish you are a Khsatriya.So the stage was fully set for Karna to be the Hero - he had a perfect opponent in from of Arjuna and an equally perfect cheer leader.It also has to be taken in to account that Karna must be at least 8 - 10 years older than both Duryodhana and Yudisthira - at bare minimum.So it gives the best opportunity to exploit the situation given he must more mature than both clans.He first asked Drona to give Bramhastra. On denial he went to Parasurama for training.After training he came back to Hastinapur instead of going back to Champa town of Anga where his family stays.At the ends of show, he came to picture and on Drona’s permission he performed every thing that Arjuna did and then directly challenged Arjuna.That made Duryodhana happy and he took the side of Karna immediately.Now Kripa didn’t liked the way a commoner (how ever friend with Dritarastra) challenged a Prince in front of citizens.So Duryodhana immediately declared him as King of Anga.For him it was easy task - Karna was already a person of Royal family of Anga.He just gave recognition of Karna being the King of Anga. Karna wanted recognition of being known as Khsatriya and his family was happy to see his family line again being recognized as Royals of Anga.Duryodhana got the security in from of Karna.But Karna was still not fully happy - he wanted to establish himself as best archer and kept looking for opportunity to start a fight with Arjuna.The second thing was his blind support to Duryodhana’s all planning against Pandavas just to prove his loyalty for Duryodhana.It was not only his blind support but he kept him anti-Pandavas through out. People think Duryodhana had control over Karna - which is not true. It was other way around.Karna was much elder, matured, intelligent and powerful warrior than Duryodhana.Even if the elders tried to stop Duryodhana, Karna would jump into band wagon and start speaking against elders and would continue to encourage Duryodhana to wage a war against Pandavas - which would provide him the ultimate ground to prove himself against Arjuna and simultaneously becoming the hero in front of Kouravas - thus paying back the debt of making him King with killing Duryodhana’s in security.Karna knew very well that why exactly Duryodhana made him King of Anga.So every thing can be performed in one shot.You can term it as ambition but this ambition was purely for his personal gain - fame of being known as ultimate warrior and proving his loyalty for Duryodhana. Not in interest / benefit of any other people. Rather it was in fact against in the interest of a majority people that Kouravas fight against Pandavas.Thus his selfish drive to personal ambition made him a rather villain of story.Duryodhana’s friendship with Karna was materialistic which was proven when Karna was fighting his ultimate battle against Arjuna.Duryodhana couldn’t trust Karna’s ability to protect him or his own lack of interest in staying back for Karna for pure sake of friendship.He rather chose to flee from battle ground. Duryodhana gave Karna higher priority than his brothers but not above himself.It was in stark contrast with Pandavas where Krishna and Bhima kept on encouraging Arjuna and stayed with him.References -Kishor Mohan Ganguli Translation as well as BORI Bibek debory Translation.Karna’s father Adhiratha’s linage - Book IV: Chapter XVIII (Vishnu Purana)Karna’s connection with Anga -Vana Parva: Pativrata-mahatmya Parva: Section CCCVIVana Parva: Pativrata-mahatmya Parva: Section CCCVIIVana Parva: Pativrata-mahatmya Parva: Section CCCVIIOther Useful link - Santi Parva: Rajadharmanusasana Parva: Section III	Thanks for A2ABeing a Son Of god will never make a person righteous.On the contrary sometimes sons of Daityas can become righteous like Prahlad,son of Hiranyakaship.Arnab Ghosh answered the question in detail and with great observation. I upvote his answer ..it was well articulated as usual. Still I would like to convey my thoughts in brief…Jealousy and intolerance ruled the life course of Karna.Karna was dominated by these feelings…towards Arjun. And his whole life,he dedicated to prove he was the better between the two.Karna knew he was opting for adharma ,siding with Duryothan Just for the sake of fulfilling his ambition of getting the title of “ The best archer” by defeating Arjuna.Mahabharata Vana Parva tells us that the ansh Of Narakasur entered Karna. After Ghoshayatra Duryothana was informed thus by demons.ExcerptDanavas enlightened Duryothana thus“And, O hero, with respect to the fear that is in thy heart rising from Arjuna, we have already settled the means for slaying Arjuna. The soul of the slain Naraka hath assumed the form of Karna. Recollecting his former hostility he will encounter both Kesava and Arjuna.”Hence though born from Surya Dev ,Karna was influenced by demonic forcesOtherwise who will call a noble princess Bandhaki?Santi Parva explains the significance of Karna’s birth through Narada’s words to Yudhishtira.Narada saidguhyametattu devAnAM kathayiShyAmi te nRRipa |tannibodha mahArAja yathA vRRittamidaM purA || 3||kShatraM svargaM kathaM gachChechChastrapUtamiti prabho |sa~NgharShajananastasmAtkanyAgarbho vinirmitaH || 4||ExcerptNarada said, 'It is even so, O mighty armed one, as thou sayest, O Bharata! Nothing could resist Karna and Arjuna in battle. This, O sinless one, that I am about to tell thee is unknown to the very gods. Listen to me, O mighty-armed one, as it befell in former days. How all the Kshatriyas, cleansed by weapons should attain to regions of bliss, was the question. For this, a child was conceived by Kunti in her maidenhood, capable of provoking a general war. Endued with great energy, that child came to have the status of a Suta.”Essence Of Narada’s wordsKarna Arjuna battle is inevitable.All the Kshatriyas should reach heaven.For that a battle should come forth.How would such a battle on a large scale happen with all the Kshatriyas taking part?For that purpose a child was conceived by Kunti when she was a maiden.That child was capable to provoke a general war.He was brought up as the son of Suta.Hence this was the way Karna’s birth and his subsequent hostility towards Pandavas can be explained.Karna being the son of Suryadev did not determine his charecter traits. Other factors did.Reference SourcesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Santi Parv Chapter 2.Kisari Mohan Ganguli English translation Vana Parv Section CCLSanti Parv 2.Also checkedGita Press Unabridged Sanskrit version with Hindi Translation by Pandit RamnarayanUnabridged Southern Edition Kumbhakonam And PPS Sastri Edited versionNilakantha Bhavadipa	Because, the Gods Goddess, Gandharva, Yaksha, Bhoot -Pret, Apsara, Manav- Daanav, Daitya, all are bound to suffer and move one to another body in the cycle of 84 Lakhs. Gods are not different from human beings. They are also in the nature Satvik, Rajasi and Tamsi qualities.Except Lord Vishnu, Sri Ram & Sri Krishn, the Supreme Being God head all gods exist under his Maya of Supreme Personality.Difference between Manav and Devi Devta are that they live long period of time and we human beings are for very short period. Our body is made of Panchbhoot Tatva, while, their bodies are divine and different from us. They are in the heaven due to their past noble Karma, but when the noble Karma virtue is over, they will have to also down from their position.But they are also like us in Kaam, Krodh, Lobh, Moh, love, affection, comparison etc. So, they are also alike us in many ways.That is why, you find lots of differences between Pandav and Karna. Karna was the son of God Surya Dev, and Pandavas were also the sons of other Gods, but yet, Pandavas were Dharmic and Bhakta of Bhagwaan, while, Karna was always jealous of Pandavas and specially Arjun.Karna was the supporter of Duryodhan, who was in fact Kaliyug the demon, had arrived here quite earlier to Kaiyug to see the situation here. As Duryodhan was always jealous of Pandavs, he supported Karna and became both very close friends. Karna always stood by his friend Duryodhan, who was the symbol of adharma, but Karna due to his past birth nature supported the demon.If he wished, he cold have supported Pandavas but he also became the part of serious sin, which Duryodhan and Dushashan did with Draupadi, in an open court of Dhirtrashtra. He never objected his friend and thus he became the part of sin, the Kaurvas did. Bhishma, Dronacharya, Kripacharya and other were present in the Sabha, but no one stopped such offence of Duryodhan. If Bhishma wished, he could have stopped it, but he became mute spectator.It happens, because of Past Karma and nature. What one does in the past, noble or bad Karma are stored in the heart and mind of Jivatma. Those nature and attitude are always seen in other body, if he is born and he always prefers those quality of the nature.Karna was always with Adharma, so you can calculate his nature of past birth by seeing present nature. It is for general common people. You can find and imagine one’s past nature and birth.These are the reason behind Mahabahrat war. All Adharmic people were killed, though, they were more mighty than Pandavas army. Because, Sri Krishn was always with Pandavas, who were kind heart and righteous people.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	Karna was at the side of dharma from the starting :To display the skills of the Kuru princes, their guru Dronacharya arranged a friendly tournament. His student Arjuna, third of the Pandava brothers, was a gifted archer. Karna arrived at this tournament, uninvited, and displaying Arjuna's feats, challenged him to a duel. Kripacharya refused Karna his duel, asking first for his clan and kingdom; for according to the rules of dueling, only a prince could challenge Arjuna to a duel. Due to his low standing, Karna was not allowed to fight Arjuna. He was further insulted by Bhima who compared him to a stray dog, for his mixed caste and lineage. This incident marked the beginning of a feud between Karna and the Pandavas. Duryodhana, the eldest of the one hundred sons of the king Dhritarashtra, was envious of the martial prowess of his cousins, the Pandavas. He saw Karna as a chance to get on even terms with them he immediately offered Karna the throne of the Kingdom of Anga, thus making Karna a king and eligible to duel with Arjuna. Neither of them knew that Karna was Kunti's eldest son. When Karna asked him what he could do to repay him, Duryodhana told him that all he wanted was his friendship.After that Duryodhana misused Karana’s friendship for all his misdeeds. Karan on other hand couldn't refuse cause he had already given his word ( friendship) to Duryodhana , cause if he refused to do as told then it would be adharma on his part.Therefore Karna was at the side of dharma always cause he never failed in his word.	Karna was born to Kunti before marriage. So she abandoned him . He was brought up by a charioteer. In those days, education and training in weapons were reserved for the higher class. Inspite of being skilled, Karna had to lie in order to seek education. On realizing that Karna had lied, his guru cursed him that he would forget what he had learnt when he needed it the most. This is why Karna could not recollect the mantras to counter Arjun's weapons in the battlefieldKarna grew up with a strong sense of resentment against the injustic meted out to him.Arjun, also the son of Kunti , was known as the greatest archer . When Karna challenged him to a duel, he was shut down saying that a prince would not duel with a charioteer son. Duryodhan recognized Karnas talent and decided to make him a strong ally against the Pandavas. Therefore, he conferred the kingdom of Anga on Karna in order to make him royalty and eligible to fight Arjun.Although, Karna realized that Duryodhan was on the path of adharma , he chose to support him as he valued his friendship above other principles. He was indebted to Duryodhan for the respect and dignity that he had bestowed on him that made him feel like an equal for the first time in his life.Kunti chose to tell Karna the truth about his birth just before the war and extracted the promise from him that he would not harm her son's, the Pandavas. Karna told her that he would fight only against Arjun . He kept his promise and left the other Pandavas unharmed inspite of having many opportunities to kill them during the war.	He was a very good person in complete Mahabharat….he use to do charity through out his life even he donated his kawach and kundal which was a gift to his from his father Surya as a sheild…..but full submission to a selfish and evious person like Duryodhan and insulted Draupadi ( women ) was his fault.Full submission to a wrong person leads to Destruction.	
How old was Sri Krishna when he did Tandav on Kaliya Nag	This pastime of chastising Kaliya serpent took place when Krishna was a very young child. Around 5 years. As per Bhāgavata Purāṇa.Kṛṣṇa Chastises the Serpent KāliyaOnce on summer while the cowherd boys of Braja were out pasturing their calves on the banks of the Yamuna they happened to feel thirsty and not knowing that the water of the lake had been poisoned by Kaliya drank of its water which resulted in their instantaneous death.As The all-merciful lord cannot tolerate the suffering of his innocent devotees Hence Krishna came to the spot and restored them to life. (Kaliya intentionally took residence in Vrindavan because Garuda could not enter that lake because he cursed by Saubhari Muni, that he will meet death if he enters it)Thereafter Krishna goes down into the lake with the intention of sporting in its water. This enraged the hideous monster Kaliya, so he came out of the depths of the lake and tried to attack Krishna.When the Brajvasis came to know that Krishna is enveloped in the coils of serpent they were stunned out of fear and fell down. Even the cows, bulls and small calves became overwhelmed with grief and started crying.All the Brajvasis including animals were just on the point of death as they had dedicated everything to Krishna: their lives, property, affection, activities everything was for Krishna.Lord Krsna reciprocates and intensifies the love of His devotees. So for some time, he acted as if he fainted.But Krishna soon showed that He was quite safe and He swiftly climbed up the hoods of Kaliya and assumed the weight of the whole universe, started kicking and dancing on it. As if Krishna wanted to entertain the grief-stricken Brajvasis.He danced in an infinite variety of the most marvelous of figures. The pressure of Krishna’s Feet crushed the towering pride of the myriad-hooded monster. Kaliya lowered his hoods and vomited blood. But the Dance of Krishna did not cease.Kaliya was found tottering towards death when his wives came out of the river and with palms joined in prayer begged Krishna to spare the life of their husband. The prayers of the wives of Kaliya who had faith in Krishna moved the Son of Nanda to have mercy on Kaliya.Krishna now stopped His terrific Dance on condition that Kaliya was to quit the lake at once and return to his original home in the island of Ramanaka. Thus kaliya was subdued. full story at Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam, 10th canto, chapter sixteen, text 1-64.Although Kaliya was averse but he got the badge of servitude by wearing on his head the Auspicious print of Lotus Feet of Sri Krishna. How lucky is he?IMPORTANT: Krishna gave him His assurance that Garuda would now do him no harm, as he would respect the print of His Feet on hoods of Kaliya.Inference -Don't commit offence towards devotees. The downfall is guaranteed. As Saubha Muni was overly attached to fish, in fear that his fish will be eaten, he cursed the great Vaishnav and the exalted devotee of Sriman Vishnu, Garudadev. His downfall was charted. Great muni became householder.Krishna always protects his devotees. Although in this pastimes he was a very young kid but Killed the most poisonous serpent of the universe. That's why he is called Bhakta-vatsala, or the lover of His devotee.While Krishna was dancing on kaliyatāḥ kṛṣṇa mātaram mapatyam, anupraviṣṭāṁ, tulya-vyathāḥ samanugṛhya, śucaḥ sravantyaḥ, tās tā vraja-priya-kathāḥ kathayantya āsan, kṛṣṇānane ’rpita-dṛśo mṛtaka-pratīkāḥ - Srimad Bhagavatam 10.16.21Translation:Although the elder gopīs were feeling just as much distress as she and were pouring forth a flood of sorrowful tears, they had to forcibly hold back Kṛṣṇa’s mother, whose consciousness was totally absorbed in her son. Standing like corpses, with their eyes fixed upon His face, these gopīs each took turns recounting the pastimes of the darling of Vraja.Hare-Krsna jai Radharamanaji	
Is Lord Krishna watching what is happening on the Earth today	For God this entire universe is His dream and He watches this as a cinema, He knows everything being omniscient and omnipotent.God is said to be omnipresent. It means, God exists everywhere in the space. By this, you should not think that God pervades the entire space and hence God exists everywhere. This logic applies to the imaginable objects. If you say that the air is everywhere in the room, it means that the air is pervading all over the room. Both air and room are imaginable objects with spatial dimensions. The molecules of air occupy some little space and this is the real volume of the air.Under high pressure, such real volume can be measured. Therefore, air has spatial dimensions. In ordinary conditions, the molecules move freely in the room and the space of the room is available for the free movement of the molecules. Hence, the air is said to have the volume of room or container, which is the space available for the free movement of the molecules in this context. When you say that the light pervaded all over the space of the room, the light energy has waves having certain wave length. Length is a dimension of the space. Thus, all conclusions are based on the items having spatial dimensions. The logic derived based on such conclusions cannot be applied to God having no spatial dimensions.The world is imaginable item having spatial dimensions. But, God pervading the world has no spatial dimensions. Therefore, you cannot say that God pervades all over the world like the air or light in the room and hence God exists everywhere. You should say that God is present everywhere because He is beyond space. The unimaginable God exists everywhere through His unimaginable power. You should be very careful in understanding the meaning of the word ‘omnipresent’ in the case of God.Similarly, God is omniscient. It means that God knows everything. Since, God is omnipresent through His unimaginable power, He is also omniscient to know everything. If you are everywhere, you will know everything. Here, people take a new direction and say that the very process of knowing is the inherent characteristic of awareness and hence God is awareness. This direction cannot be accepted. If you say that God is awareness, God becomes imaginable item. Awareness is imaginable, which is a special form of work energy as a result of the function of inert energy in the specific machine called nervous system including brain. Any work requires the existence of space. If God is awareness or work form of energy, God also requires space for His existence. But, God being the generator of space, exists even in the absence of space and therefore we say that God is beyond space.Now, you may say that if God is not awareness, the process of knowing cannot be justified since the process of knowing is only the inherent characteristic of awareness. This is again ruled out because the process of knowing becomes possible for God through His unimaginable power. This unimaginable power is responsible for the process of knowing and for the existence everywhere without pervading all the world. Any activity or power or characteristic of God should be solved through His unimaginable power only and not through the logic derived based on the imaginable items having spatial dimensions.God is said to be omnipotent. This is accepted straightly without any analysis because omnipotence means that God can do anything. It clearly means that God has unimaginable power. Again, you should not say that God becomes unimaginable due to the unimaginable power only. Hence, you may say that the power is greater than God. You cannot distinguish two unimaginable items. In the process of explanation, we have used the word unimaginable power, since the explanation to any human brain is in the phase of imaginable dimensions. The unimaginable God and the unimaginable power are not different. In the imaginable items there may be such possibility. The sun and light or heat may be different at least in the quantitative sense. The intensified power is source and diluted power is its property. The quantitative difference is based on the difference in the intensity, which is based on space only. More power in less space is the source having high intensity. Less power or the same power in more space is the property having less intensity. Thus, the difference is based on the measurement of volume and hence this is related only to items having spatial dimensions.We do not mind to say that God knows everything due to Himself only. Here the word “Himself” means the power itself. We do not mind to say that the unimaginable power itself is God. We have the existence of independent electromagnetic radiations traveling in the space without any source. There cannot be two unimaginable items and therefore you have to say either God or independent power. If you differentiate God and power, both become imaginable items with spatial dimensions. Hence, the quarrel between Vedantins, supporting God and Shakteyas, supporting power is meaningless, since the source of the quarrel is the logic derived from imaginable items observed in this imaginable world.Unimaginable God means omnipotent, who is capable of doing any imaginable or unimaginable work. All impossibilities are possible to Him. He can convert anything into anything. But, He follows the principle of doing meaningful (proper) things only avoiding the meaningless (improper) things even though He is able to do all things. Doing meaningful thing only is also a power since everybody is unable to do meaningful things only. Omnipotence must have this power also and hence He is not doing meaningless things. ‘Not doing meaningless things’ is a special ability and not at all the inability to do all things since He is capable of doing all things by omnipotence. This point of ability to do a meaningful thing and ability to avoid doing meaningless thing is the guiding light for us in the analysis to know what God is actually doing.If He has not done a meaningless thing, you should not label it as incapability to do all things, which should be labeled as the power of ability to avoid doing meaningless things. As long as this search-light is in your hand, no confusion comes in the spiritual knowledge since control of use of omnipotence for everything you like is achieved. Otherwise, you may say that God is smoking due to His omnipotence since you are a smoker! You must remember that God can avoid the negative health by smoking and that you are incapable of such power. Due to this reason, you should also avoid smoking on seeing Sai Baba smoking.	By definition, God is AWARENESS, so omniscience is a natural corollary. God is not limited by time and space either. However, in Kali yuga God does not descend as God but only as a teacher, a devotee, or a spiritual “reformer” and DOES NOT WANT TO BE WORSHIPED AS GOD, because the tendency of the ignorant and foolish people of Kali yuga is to “deify” anyone who seems to be a little more powerful than they are. So in Kali yuga we need to find and worship God in the teachings of the shastra.	he is not only watching, he even knows every single desire and every action any person or animal in this world have, but because we dont want him, he never interferes with our life and whatever sins and pious deeds we do and whatever is state of mind at time of death, we get particular body of animal or insects etc or human with all complications of happiness and distress as a reaction to our past deeds	
Why did Arjuna only get the privilege to witness the Vishwaroopam and the ultimate discourse from Lord Shree Krishna and not the other four brothers	Thanks for A2A..Manali Gouri.Sorry for delay in answering.Arjuna is way ahead of his brothers in every way. I mean spiritually ….Arjuna is Narottam the best among humans. So he is the personification of highest elevation of humanity in its splendour. None of his brothers got this I swear…One of my friends once posted ..he can identify more with Yudhishtir who is real. He called Arjun unreal. I felt so bad for his interpretation.To me Arjun is real. His actions and reactions are real .Arjun resembles the aspiring youth of today who would strive hard to reach the heights of glory.Arjun worked hard to prepare himself for the great battle ahead but when he saw his grandfather he shivered. He could see through that wrinkled face and remember the days he spent on his lap,pampered by him and he shivered at the thought of hurting him with his arrows.Arjuna could see Drona his ultimate guru who placed his hand on his head and taught him archery ,he could still hear him say..now shoot the target Arjun..How could he hurt his revered preceptor who loved him more than his own son?Arjun’s anguish and pain are real,heartfelt. Genuine ..Any human would or should behave so if he is really human.We may not distinguish between real and unreal but Paramatma could.Bhagawan responds when the man seeks him to hold his hand and guide..Arjuna threw away his Gandiv and refused to fight but he is open to guidance,instruction from his soulmate.He was not reluctant to change his mind. He wanted Krishna to answer his queries and he listened to whatever Krishna said with due respect.Arjuna submitted himself before Krishna with heart and soul. Bhagawan would instantly respond to such submission. And Krishna took it upon himself to deliver Gita which is a gift not only to Arjuna but to mankind in general.Arjuna’s sorrow was natural. ..Hence he could make the lord himself manifest in his real form.In contrast I feel Yudhishtir’s sorrow after the war looked unconvincing…to me. His over the top regret for Karna’s death did not get me connected or feel sympathetic.Arjuna’s requestThe way Arjuna requested Krishna to show his cosmic form,that humility won the heart of Krishna.manyase yadi tacchakyam mayaa drashtumiti prabhoyogeshwara tato me twam darshayaa'tmaanamavyayam // 11.4 //O Lord, if you think it possible for me to see it, then You please, O Lord of Yogis, reveal to me your form of Imperishable Self.If it is possible,if you think I am worthy…this is how he requested.Bhagawan clarifiedçrî bhagavån uvåca –mayå prasannena tavårjunedaµrüpaµ paraµ darçitam åtma-yogåttejomayaµ viçvam anantam ådyaµyan me tvad-anyena na d®ß†a-pürvam 11–47Graciously by Me, O Arjuna, this Supreme-Form has been shown to you by My own YOGA- power -- Full of splendour, Primeval, Infinte, the Universal-Form of Mine has never been seen by any other than yourself.lna vedayajnaadhyayanairna daanairna cha kriyaabhirna tapobhirugraihevam roopah shakya aham nrilokedrashtum twadanyena kurupraveera // 11.48 //Neither by the study of the VEDAS and sacrifices, nor by rituals, nor by severe austerities, can I be seen in this form in the world of men by any other than yourself, O great hero among the Kurus.Krishna declared only Arjuna could see the cosmic form due to his grace.None could have the good fortune of experiencing that ultimate bliss. That speaks of Arjuna’s unsullied,blemishless charecter.Why not Yudhishtir?When Yudhishtir needed guidance after the war Krishna took him to Bhishma and through his grace Bhishma could enlighten him on different topics..in Santi Parva and Anusasana Parva.krishna personally did not offer help to Yudhishtir like he did to Arjuna.In my view Krishna personally responded to Arjuna due to his total submission.I feel Yudhishtira Who considers himself as the knower of dharma lacked this aspect.If we feel complete and knowledgeable ,God won’t lend his hand to us ..There is wide difference between the attitude and mindset of Arjun and Yudhishtir.For Nar,Narayan himself manifested in full glory.BheemaBheema hardly bothered about the war that he is fighting with his kith and kin. He did not feel the need to deliberate but moved ahead in his own way. So his journey did not lead him to Viswarup.Nakula and SahadevaAs the younger brothers they just followed the path of the elders. So neither discourse nor Viswarup ..destiny did not have in store for them.Hence only Arjun among the Pandavas got to hear the discourse and witness the Viswarup.SourcesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionUnabridged Sanskrit versions Gitapress with Hindi Translation by Pandit Ram NarayanSouthern Edition Kumbhakonam PPS Sastri Edited versionNilakantha BhavadipaBhagawad Gita Ch 11 Viswarupa Sandarsana Yoga 47,48	Yudhisthira and Sahadeva were too wise to need the discourse.Bhima and Nakula were too dense to use the discourse.It is in Arjuna where Krishna found his ideal student.For the learning process to happen, the student has to realize his/her own gaps in knowledge. The humility that Arjuna displays across the Gita is what an ideal learner has to display. Arjuna realized his knowledge was inadequate to deal with the range of emotions that was taking over him at the start of the war.On the other hand, Bhima was not in a mood to listen to a lecture. His emotions had already taken over him completely to give his brain spare resources to process that. He was in full rage.Yudhisthira on the other hand was already a master of his emotions and had all the wisdom needed: his name itself means “one who is calm even in mid of a war”. The Lord could have given the discourse to him — the man called as the Dharmaraja, but that would be like pouring water into a river. (That said, Bhisma pitamah gave the gift of Vishnu Sahasranama to Yudhisthira who had a quest to know more on Bhakti).	As per mythology, Arjuna & Lord Krishna were "Nara-Narayana" in the last birth, working for the preservation of "Dharma" or righteousness with the concept of "Nara", the human soul as the eternal companion of the divine "Narayana". This was to be enacted again in "Mahabharata" & fits in well, when Arjuna was to be energized with divinity of Lord Vishnu, for which "Vishvaroop Darshan" was the only option left with Lord Krishna.Lord Krishna wants to make Arjuna to realize his part in “Mahabharata” & make him to raise to the situation by doing his duties as kshatriya by overcoming the feelings of attachments to relations & remove sentiments from his mind. Arjuna was extolled as "Narottam", that is best among all humans, because of his unquestioned devotion to Lord Krishna & was ever prepared to listen to his advise, following righteous path & made him to surrender to God.In "Mahabharata", lord Krishna narrates past birth with present birth of many warriors, thus linking past & present to indicate the future. Everything was known to him in advance, but for human eyes, the drama was visible after the incidents.Nowhere Narayana was linked up with others to preserve "Dharma" in the context of "Mahabharata" for the simple reason that Arjuna as "Nara" was best suited to the warranted situation in "Mahabharata" war. He had all the qualities to take a lead & protect "Dharma" by killing warriors in war. But because of his emotions & feelings for gurus, relatives & people with family ties, he was confused about his own duties as "Kshatriya" & was mentally disturbed with what to do & what not to do. Lord Krishna had to preach him & make him strong mentally to become courageous & shed his feelings & emotions towards kith & kin. In spite of all this discourse, he could not be convinced fully & as a last resort, Lord Krishna showed the divine will through his "Vishwaroopa Dharshan", showing him the whole Universe in him, by granting him special eye to witness the will of God, since with his normal vision, it was impossible to witness. This was the real proof of "Past,Present & Future" well crafted by divine will. He showed that Arjuna was only an instrument to enact & everything was pre-planned divine "Will". The very purpose of Lord Vishnu as Krishna's avatar was to annihilate evil & protect Dharma by killing bad elements in a single place called war field, by bringing all destructive elements together. To achieve this task, he had to do lot of tricks & also utilize the strength & valor of Arjuna,but for which, he had to build right atmosphere & convince Arjuna of his duties & responsibilities entrusted to him. Without "Vishvaroopa Darshan", Arjuna could not have believed his part in "Mahabharata war".There are reasons for Arjuna to get unsettled in mind as to go in for war. He was the best student of Drona & was acknowledged best in "Dhanurvidya" par excellent. His accuracy & concentration on a target for aiming the arrow was well established & was acclaimed best among Pandavas & Kauravas from the test conducted by Drona to him to aim at an eye of a bird in a tree branch.He had to his credit several achievements to show his strength to terrorize & kill enemies. He had accomplished many "Astras" or weapons to counter the warriors. Added to all these, he was highly devoted to Lord Krishna, which was lacking in the case of his brothers. In every major instant of life, Arjuna was closely associated with Lord Krishna.In fact, before the war started, both Arjuna & Duryodana went to lord Krishna to seek his help. When Duryodana wanted material help of weapons & soldiers for the “Mahabharata War”, Arjuna just wanted Lord Krishna to be with him always to guide him. Arjuna had totally surrendered to Lord Krishna by his unfailing devotion & sincerity & keeping good faith & confidence in him; Material gains or material help from Lord Krishna was only secondary to him, whereas Duryodana valued material more than devotion, honesty, truth, dharma & he valued them more than Lord Krishna’s divine power.Lord Krishna openly praises Arjuna & calls him “Narottama”, the best among humans & deserved to witness “Vishvaroop Darshan”, that even yogis & sages , those who have mastered vedas, demigods, worshipers of God were not privileged.Dharmaraja called as Udhisthira was famous for his dharmic principle & action. His name suggests his courage to stay fit in a war & not to run away from battlefield. For fighting in a war, dharmic principle alone does not help, unless strength & trick supports to win, which was lacking in Dharmaraja.Knowing fully well about Drona, Lord Krishna utilized Dharmaraja in the war for making Drona to drop his weapons, by uttering falsehood by trick. He knew that Drona believed only Dharmaraja for his honesty & truth. Lord Krishna instigated Dharmaraja to utter "Ashwattamo hatah Kunjaraha". While Dharmaraja finished telling "Ashwattamo hatah", he created surrounding noise to suppress the words "Kunjaraha", so that Drona could hear only "Ashwattamo hataha" to make believe that Ashwattama" was really dead, even though he was alive & only a small elephant named Ashvattama was killed.Dharmaraja did not fit into scheme of high level fighting with sophisticated weaponry, which Arjuna commanded. Arjuna was the right person to handle very complicated situations in war. But to rejuvenate him & bring him to the specific purpose, Lord Krishna had to convince him that sentiments, feelings & emotions towards kith & Kin, gurus, relatives & friends should be kept aside to perform his duties & as a last resort he had to convince him through his real form by "Vishvaroopa Darshan.Arjuna was immensely attached to Lord Krishna from the beginning to the end of Mahabharata. Just before departing from this world, Lord Krishna entrusted the responsibility of protecting his innumerable wives to Arjuna. But ultimately what happened?Arjuna last all his vigor & charm, moment the divinity of Lord Krishna was withdrawn. He was reduced to a common man with no hidden powers to act. This illustrated that a person with no divinity within himself cannot exhibit or bring out his abilities.Bheema was very strong & capable & over confident of fighting. In fact, he did not show much attachment to Lord Krishna & also because of lacking devotion & being more emotional & not found equivalent to Arjuna, were his drawbacks. He was not best suited in tricky situations. When Jarasandha was killed by Bheema, his valor did not come to his rescue, as a trick was required to be performed, which only Lord Krishna knew & guided Bheema to kill him.There was no stock with Sahadeva, who was more an astrologer with great knowledge, but could not prevent the war or predict the war, even though he knew before hand,as he was prevented to disclose due to some binding. He had not come in the forefront.Nakula was more familiar with bringing up training animals & nothing much is known about him.What did foster mother Yashodha witness?;- As a child, when Krishna ate mud & when Yashoda forcibly opens his mouth, she was stunned with the whole world in his mouth, as if she was seeing a “tv show”. This was probably meant to show the divinity of Lord krishna only for a moment, to Yashodha as foster mother. She would have witnessed the whole Cosmos as a body of the divine, without any indication of "Past,Present & Future", as it was not the purpose of Lord Krishna & he only granted ordinary vision & not like special eyes given to Arjuna. This did not constitute "Vishwaroopa Darshan" granted to Arjuna, but construed as "Viratswaroop".Bhishma:- Bhishma knew that Krishna was incarnation of lord Vishnu. When he was lying on death bed of arrows, Lord Krishna advised Dharmaraja to listen to Bhishma on Vishnu Sahasranama to know more details . Bhishma taught all the Dharmas to follow & how to rule the kingdom & maintain virtuous life.CONCLUSIONS:-Arjuna was selected as “Narottama”, best among humans to witness the “Vishvaroop Darshan”, as Lord Krishna himself proclaimed that nobody else other than Arjuna had the privilege to see.“With the blessings of Saptha Rishies & Almighty”.	Because, it was Arjun, who was very near and dear to Sri Krishn and overall he was a Dharmic people and was also a great Bhakta of Bhagwaan. It was his Dharma, due to that Sri Krishn always favored him. Though other brothers of Pandavas were Dharmic, but they were not the devotee of Lord.राम ही केवल प्रेम पियारा, जान लेहु जो जानन हारा-अर्थात भगवान् श्री राम तो प्रेम के भूखे हैं और वो प्रेम से ही बस में होते हैं. जो उनकी भक्ति करता हैं, उनके हैं श्री राम, नहीं तो फिर चाहे कोई कितना बड़ा ज्ञानी हो या तपस्वी या फिर योगी, प्रभु मिलने बाले नहीं?भगवान् श्री कृष्ण भी यही कहते हैं.The Supreme Personality Godhead sri krishn said: O Arjuna, this form of Mine you are now seeing is very difficult to behold. Even the demigods are ever seeking the opportunity to see this form, which is so dear.The form you are seeing with your transcendental eyes cannot be understood simply by studying the Vedas, nor by undergoing serious penances, nor by charity, nor by worship. It is not by these means that one can see Me as I am.Hey Arjuna, only by undivided devotional service can I be understood as I am, standing before you, and can thus be seen directly. Only in this way can you enter into the mysteries of My understanding.Hey, Arjuna, he who engages in My pure devotional service, free from the contamination of fruitive activities and mental speculation, he who works for Me, who makes Me the supreme goal of his life, and who is friendly to every living being -- he certainly comes to Me.(Sri Mad Bhagvad Gita-11 th chapter)That is the main reason that Arjun was a bhakta of Bhagwaan he was eligible to behold the Vishwaroopam of Bhagwaan, none else, even his other brothers. Sri Krishn also discoursedthe Bhagvad Gita Gyan to his pupil only, none other.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	When Mahabharata War started, Arjuna was under the dilemma and not willing to go ahead. There is no reference that other brothers did have any such perplexity and second thoughts about the War. Of course, everyone in the Pandava camp wanted to avert the War but the fate was sealed once Duryodhana rejected Krishna’s proposal of granting only five villages to Pandavas.Arjuna in Pandava camp and karna in Kaurava camp were very crucial for the War outcome. Kaurava still had Bhishma and Drona as great warriors and dhanurdhars. But, Arjun was aware that a lot is on his shoulders and he could feel the weight. I am not saying that he was afraid to loose but as it happens the pressure on the key warrior or player is always more and their minds tend to look for options, is it all necessary - what would be the gains after all this killings where not only near and dear ones but innocents will loose life.It was partially like Sachin Tendulkar feeling the pressure when he used to be too crucial for the Indian team i.e. the only agenda of opposition team at that time was to get Sachin out at any cost. Sachin was under this kind of pressure when he went on to bat in 2003 finals against Australia.Now, the question why he chose only Arjuna. Krishna knew Arjuna at a much deeper level than others. he was his friend , philosopher and guide. He knew that these questions have only arisen in Arjuna’s mind due to his profound intellectual capability and spiritual capacity. He was ready to receive this knowledge and absorb it in its pure form. That is what a best teacher does, identify and be aware of the current mental state , capability of his disciple and accordingly impart knowledge to the willing student.	Because Arjun was a hypocrite and couldn't comprehend that those in front of him were not his relatives but opponents who should be destroyed for establishing Dharma.Because no other pandavas were hesitant to follow their Kashtriya Dharma, only Arjuna was being hesitant of completing his Kshatriya Dharma, to convince Arjuna that he is nothing but a character in hands of one complete being of whom Krishna is also a part.That if he doesn't do what is required of him then Krishna will do it in an instant.	
Was Subhadra sister of Krishna and Balrama daughter of Yashoda or Rohini	Shubhadra was the daughter of Vasudeva and Rohini devi. Yashoda was the foster mother of Krishna only. Rohini Devi gave birth to Balaram and Shubhadra.	
Was Karna a true friend of Dhuryodhana	NO, Karna is one of the adorable character in Mahabharata, I accept it but ...from the conversation between ShriKrishana and KarnaKrishna : And what is your dharma, may I know?Karna : My Dharma is to protect my friend when he needs me the most.In fact Karna has investigated and collected his birth secret about his mother brothers, etc... but he was expecting it from a genuine source like ShriKrishna.I my opinion Karna failed in keeping his Dharma up (Dharma in his own definition)If he really wanted to protect his friend then1. Why didn't he tell about the curse he had2. Why didn't he try too bring Dhuryodhana to right track(Even though he knew his friend is doing mistake)3. Why did he gave wrong assurance to Dhuryodhana that he will kill Pandavas(which him self he knew that he could)4. Why didn't he entered the war field till the 11th day (reason he says is very silly)List goes on...So, Karna was a Hitashatru of Dhuryodhan, not a friend more dangerous than Shaakuni, or pandavas even. On the other hand Dhuryodhana completely believed Karna and he had full hopes.	No,Karna's importance to his friendship can be understood on every occasion by analysing the effect of a particular act or event had on his chances of proving his superiority over Arjuna in archery i.e which is the only only only thing he lived for..In Ghosa yatra, when the gandhaya chitrasena made Duryodhana as his captive, karna, after got defeated, fleed from the battle and left his friend(?) to the mercy of chitrasena…..Got defeated is acceptable but ran away leaving duryodhana was not acceptable for a true friend.. so it can be understood by this that Dying for duryodhana was never his option if it is not in fight with Arjuna. Here karna chose to flee not to loose a chance to fight with Arjuna..He propelled duryodhana for Virat war and kurukshetra war and he was with Duryodhana in Kurukshetra even after adviced and requested by Krishna and kunthi respectively just because it would give him another chance to compete with Arjuna.He didn't hesitate to promise kunti that he wouldn't kill the other 4 pandavas. This is really backstabing to duryodhan considering his hopes on karna's wholehearted effort ( he never believed Bhishma and drona to fight with full intention but believed karna in this). It can be understood by this that victory to duryodhana was not his ultimate wish hence not killing other Pandavas is acceptable to him though it effected the chances of his friend.So karna just acted as per his one and only objective for which he needed duryodhana to enhance the opportunities but no friendship is there logically.	
How old was Abhimanyu during the Kurukshetra War	Abhimanyu was merely 16 yrs old during the time of his presence in the Mahabharat war. He was the son of Arjun Subhadhra and he was simply 16 yrs of old.While, he was in the mother Subadhara womb, he learnt the Vidhya of breaking Chakravihyu. Subhadra had asked Arjun for breaking Chakravihiyu and Arjun began to describe it. When he was explaining it, Subhadra slept, till then Arjun had explained the art of breaking about 6th Chakravihyu.So, due to that Abhimanyu learnt, how to break only 6th Chakravihyu. He was also a great warrior like his father Arjun.When the war was going on and Yudhishter side was weak in Pandava side, Abhimanyu entered the war site and he broke one by one 6th Chakravihyu. At the last gate of 7th Chakravihyu, he was encircled by Kaurva army. Abimanyu tried his best and fought bravely, but he was defeated and finally killed.Those arts as how to break Chakravihyu was known to only Arjun, Karan and Sri Krishn. From Pandava side, except Arjun no one knew the art of breaking chakravihyu.Chakravyuhu formation and its breaking art was known to only Sri Krishn, Arjun and some limited people. Abhimanyu did not learnt, but as he had learnt the art in his mother womb, so he broke down the Chakravhiyu at least 6 th, but he was defeated when come to 7th Chakravhiyu.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn.	Abhimanyu was merely 16 years old during Kurukshetra war. He was a great warrior like his father Arjuna.In Kurukshetra war, Abhimanyu broke Bhishma's bow and proved his metal. Even Drona(Mentor of Arjuna) could not defeat Abhimanyu.Chakravyuhu (battle formation of Kaurava) was one of the strongest formation Kauravas had.The only two people on the Pandava army who completely knew about how to enter and break this formation were Arjuna and Krishna.Abhimanyu's story came to prominence when he entered the powerful Chakravyuhu.Abhimanyu learnt the art of breaking into the Chakravyuha when he was in Subhadra's womb. It was then Arjuna was narrating the art of breaking into Chakravyuha to Subhadra. But he did not know how to destroy the formation once he was inside, as Subhadra fell asleep while listening to the story and (Abhimanyu in her womb) could learn only half of the technique. This is the reason why he was only able to enter/ break and not come out of the Chakravyuha.Abhimanyu defeated all the great warriors after he entered Chakravyuhu. Duryodhana became threatened that Abhimanyu could break Chakravyuha easily. Hence, a strategy was formed and a joint attack on Abhimanyu followed. On Duryodhana's advice, Karna broke Abhimanyu's bow from behind since it was impossible to face armed Abhimanyu.Kripa killed his two chariot-drivers, and Kritavarma killed his horses; Abhimanyu took up a sword and a shield but these weapons were also cut off. Abhimanyu then took up a chariot-wheel and started fighting with it, but it was also cut.In this way, many warriors attacked the sixteen year old Abhimanyu when he was unarmed. Abhimanyu's body was pierced by dozens of arrows. But Abhimanyu faced all of the Kaurava warriors and still managed to kill many enemy soldiers. Abhimanyu attacked son of Dushasana with a mace.It is said that Abhimanyu was hit by son of Dushasan on head from behind, an area on which hitting in duel was prohibited. In this way, Abhimanyu was killed unfairly by many warriors.One more belief is there related to Abhimanyu's kill at such an early age. It is said that Abhimanyu was the reincarnation of son of moon-god . When the moon-god (Chandra) was asked to let his son incarnate himself on earth, he made a pact that his son will only remain on earth for 16 years as he could not bear to be separated from him for a longer period than that.*Thanks**Have a great day*	His age was mere 16 when he fought and died in Mahabharata war on the day when Arjuna could not be available to break the CHAKRAVYUH defence …his Valor then is still an inspiration for those who think there is a time ,place, ability and age to do some specific in life…	
Is Krishna real	Many modern people have the idea, that just because some literature is very old and describes fantastic events that defy the modern undertanding of a natural world, then this literature must certainly be myths and fantasies.For instance, Mahabharata is one such piece of literature. In Mahabharata events are described that totally defy our modern understanding of physics. But Mahabharata was written by Srila Vyasadeva. Why would an illustrious and venerated sage like Srila Vyasadeva - the literary incarnation of God - waste his time by telling adventure stories for kids? There is no good reason to think that. Only prejudice and modern, atheistic indoctrination would make a person think that.Bhagavad Gita is originally a chapter of the Mahabharata. Bhagavad Gita is the only book in the world in which, someone claiming to be God, explains in detail about Himself, the soul and the world and how everything inter-relates.The reality-description offered in the Bhagavad Gita by Krishna according to the three modes of material nature is by far the most ingenious, sophisticated, consistent and scientific explanation of reality available on the planet. It's a science that can be tested and verified like any other science.Note, that Krishna is the only person so far in human history, who has defined reality as opposed to illusion or unreality. He has defined real as that which is eternal and unreal as that which is temporary.Try and ask a modern scientist, what is his definition of real and unreal, and see how far you get... You'll get some technical mumbo jumbo that boils down to - but, but it's all chemicals. That's what you'll get - something that has absolutely nothing to do with the reality you live in or the reality you perceive.So to reject the Vedic literature as mythology, just because it doesn't fit into the Mickey Mouse conceptions of modern man, is no less than extremely ignorant.In the following I have taken the liberty to reproduce an article by Mr. Desh which establishes Krishna and Mahabharata as a historical reality.Krishna and Mahabharata - A Historical RealityBy Desh (Aug. 31, 2009)Dr Manish Pandit, a nuclear medicine physician from UK is making a movie on Krishna as a historic figure. Pandit has based his movie on dates and timelines coming out of scientific based research by credible evidence based on Archeology, Astronomy and Linguistics, apart from Oral evidence from Indian tradition. Mahabharat War started on November 22, 3067 BC. This comes out of astronomical evidence. And the astronomical juxtapositions are not arbitrary or those that could happen in any decade or such... but some of them have not happened since.They are THAT rare a phenomenon. Saturn at Rohini and Mars at Jyestha with two eclipses - a Lunar eclipse at Kartik and Solar eclipse at Jyesth. (these are from Udyoga and Bhisma Parvan).(1)Amavasya occurs in Jyestha in 19 years(2) (1) PLUS Solar Eclipse in Jyesth occurs in 340 years.(3) (2) PLUS Saturn at Rohini occurs ONCE in 7000 years.So, that constellation in astronomy has NOT occured since Mahabharat. The date - exact one - when that would have happened is Nov 22, 3067 BC. Update: i found an article which is very well written, which I am afraid may go away from that site. I have reproduced it at the bottom. Not only that, but the latter events like destruction of Dwarka (based on the astronomical events mentioned around that) occur at EXACTLY as the text says - 36 years later.Pandit has based his research on work of Dr Narhari Achar (a professor of physics at the University of Memphis, Tennessee, in the US). According to Achar, Krishna was born in 3112 BC. However, another person has used dates and astronomical events to zero in on the dates of that time, Arun K Bansal. According to him, Krishna was born on July 21, 3228 BC and departed earth at 2 pm on February 18, 3102 BC. That is when Kali Yuga is supposed to have started and Dwapar Yug came to an end. So, Bansal's dates are a few decades prior to Achar's dates. However, there are more people who side with Dr. Achar (refer to the article reproduced below). Here are a few dates that can be identified with respect to the dates by Dr. Achar: § Lord Krishna, on His final peace mission, set out for Hastinapur on 26th September, 3067 B.C. when the moon was at the asterism Revati.§ Lord Krishna arrived Hastinapur on 28th September, 3067 B.C., when the moon was at the asterism Bharani.§ The full moon and lunar eclipse at Krittika occurred on 29th September, 3067 B.C.§ The solar eclipse at Jyestha occurred on 14th October, 3067 B.C.§ Lord Balarama set out for pilgrimage on 1st November, 3067 B.C.§ The War began on 22nd November, 3067 B.C.§ Lord Balarama concluded His pilgrimage on 12th December, 3067 B.C.§ The winter solstice occurred on 13th January, 3066 B.C.§ Bhishma died on 17th January, 3066 B.C.§ The comet Mahaghora appeared at the asterism Pushya in October, 3066 B.C.Mahabharat dates and Historical EventsInterestingly, the decades when Dwapar Yuga is supposed to have ended and Kali Yug supposed to have started as per these dates.. were also the years of some MAJOR climatic shift on earth - due most probably to major shifts in Solar Activity! Some of the MAJOR things that happened:§ Sahara region changed from a habitable land to a barren desert!§ Glaciers Expanded covering plants.§ Atmospheric temperatures fell drastically.This was also the time, when Harrapan Civilization or Sindhu-Saraswati Civilization is supposed to have began.Some people believe that Mahabharat was a Nuclear War. Why? Because of some explanations that defy contemporary knowledge of weapons that people of THAT time could conceivably have created. Weapons with such impact could not have been conjured up just out of nowhere.. REPEATEDLY.. in various parts of the text. See below for one such description of its effects. It is not surprising that even in the modern world, Robert Oppenheimer, Nuclear Scientist jumped up after seeing the Atomic blast and cited a similar verse from Gita (part of Mahabharat).Now, if you see the extreme climactic changes - creation of desert out of habitable land in Sahara and drastic fall in atmospheric temperature as if Solar Activity had changed - it may not be entirely unlikely, that those climatic shifts may have mimicked a Nuclear Winter.Mahabharat is a fantastic epic and one which would have required MORE than just imagination to write. No writer has ever written something so completely OUT of whack with his times, mores and thinking... as a Mahabharat within the context of History as taught in our school texts suggests. It seems so fantastic that even the idea seems absurd! That alone - the imagination of a writer 5000 years ago to write something that (if linera historical progress is taken to be true) ONLY people of today could have been/heard/experienced/imagined!Its not just wishful imagination - as parting of seas et al - but very exact descriptions of things that happen today and could happen tomorrow. The philosophy of Gita is hitherto unparalleled in the spiritual realm. No Saint, prophet, Master, or mystic has covered so many topologies - Knowledge, Devotion, Action, - with so much mastery. What I am trying to say is that you cannot get something out of nowhere. You can only conjure up stuff that is there in your immediate consciousness.Fantasies and miracles in knowledge dont make sense to me! An incandescent column of smoke and flame, as bright as ten thousand suns, rose with all its splendour. It was an unknown weapon, an iron thunderbolt, a gigantic messenger of death, which reduced to ashes the entire race of the Vrishnis and the Andhakas. The corpses were so burned as to be unrecognizable. Hair and nails fell out; Pottery broke without apparent cause, and the birds turned white. .After a few hours all foodstuffs were infected. .to escape from this fire the soldiers threw themselves in streams to wash themselves and their equipment.”Reference Links:1. 'Lord Krishna existed. School texts are wrong'2. Krishna (b. July 21, 3228 BC)3. 33rd century BC4. Pre-historic Nuclear War and ancient Flying Aircraft uncovered Historicity of MahabharatIn January 2001, Indian History Congress was holding its Annual Conference at the Alipur Campus of the University of Calcutta and at the concluding session of the said Conference the Nobel Laureate economist Dr. Amartya Sen, while addressing the delegates, said that Ramayana and Mahabharata do not have any historical value. These two epics are simply mythology and nothing but poets’ fancy. He also said that neither Rama nor Krishna was a historical personality and both of them were simply mythical. Gandhiji wrote two commentaries on Shrimadbhagavadgita, Anasaktiyoga and Gitabodha, and in the introduction of the former work, he wrote, “Generally Mahabharata is taken to be a historical work.But in my opinion, it is not so. I cannot say that Ramayana and Mahabharata are historical works. They are simply religious works. If you are still inclined to treat them as historical works, then I should say that they are nothing but the history of the Self (Atma). They do not contain what happened thousands of years ago. On the contrary, they are the reflections of what is happening today in every soul”.About Lord Krishna, he wrote, ”Krishna of Gita is the embodiment of pure and divine knowledge, but without having any physical existence. By this the Avatar Krishna is not denied at all, but only it is said that He is mythical”. It is not difficult to understand that all such utterances of Sen, Gandhi and many other like minded Indians derive inspiration from the Western interpretation of Indian history. Most of the Western scholars firmly believe that our ancestors grossly neglected writing history and what we claim to be our history is nothing but mythology. So M. Winternitz in his History of Indian Literature writes, “History is one weak spot in Indian literature. It is, in fact, non-existent.The total lack of historical sense is so characteristic that the whole course of Sanskrit literature is darkened by the defect”. The renowned German scholar Max Muller, in his History of Ancient Sanskrit Literature, writes, “No wonder that a nation like India cared so little for history”. “With regard to history, the Hindus have done really nothing but romances from which some truth may occasionally be extracted”, says another Western scholar Major Wilford. These scholars refuse to accept Ramayana, Mahabharata and the Puranas as historical works as there are no mention of year and dates of the events described therein.But people of this country firmly believe that Ramayana, Mahabharata and the Puranas are their history and not simply epics or poets’ fancy. So Dr. S. Kalyanaraman, the director of the Chennai based Saraswati River Research Centre, says that the historicity of the events described in Ramayana and Mahabharata is validated by two evidences: one is based on tradition and the other is based on jyotisha, or planetary configurations and other celestial events narrated along with mundane events described in those epics, which may be called sky epigraphs.So far tradition is concerned, people of this nation believe that Lord Rama was born on the day of Ramanavami and Lord Krishna was born on the day of Janmastami and so on. In fact, there is a long list of such traditional beliefs such as: Bhishma died on the Bhishmastami day, on the day of Vijaya Dashami, Lord Rama celebrated the day, with His army, as the day of victory after killing Ravana and defeating his army just on the previous day, on the day of Deepavali, Lord Rama returned to Ayodhya after 14 years of exile and the people of Ayodhya celebrated the day and decorated their houses by lighting lamps and the tradition is still being continued; the War of Kurukshetra began on the day of Gita Jayanti and so on and so forth. It is really strange that the people of Western Garhwal, now in the state of Uttaranchal, observe every year the Duryodhana Festival.There also exists a temple dedicated to Duryodhana where people offer their puja and many believe that the city of Varanavat, where Duryodhana tried to burn the Pandavas alive, was situated in that locality. It is also really striking that people of this country offer water in memory of Bhishma during shraddha ceremony. The point to be highlighted here is that, had all these been poets’ fancy and mythical, the traditions could not have been continued for such a long time.The aspect of celestial epigraph, or planetary positions described in these epics, particularly in Mahabharata, undoubtedly shows that the said epics do mention the dates of events described therein, which the Western scholars failed miserably to understand. In Mahabharata alone there are 150 instances where worldly events are mentioned along with the planetary positions in the sky. And, in addition to that, other astronomical events such as occurrence of an eclipse, or appearance of a comet, or rare events like shower of meteorites have been mentioned.A few of such examples may be mentioned below The Udyoga Parva of Mahabharata narrates that, just before the War, Lord Krishna, in His final peace mission, went to Hastinapur in the month of Kartika. He set out on the day when moon was at the asterism Revati. On His way to Hastinapur, Krishna took rest for a day at a place called Brikasthala, and on that day the moon was at the asterism Bharani.The day on which Duryodhana turned down each and every effort of Lord Krishna to make peace and made the war inevitable, the moon was resting at the asterism Pushya. And the Lord left Hastinapura with Karna, on the day when the moon was yet to reach the asterism Uttara Phalguni. As mentioned above, Karna accompanied Him to some distance to see Him off and he then described to the Lord the positions of planets in the sky and expressed his apprehension that such a planetary configuration stood for very bad omen: such as large scale loss of life and drenching of blood. Vyasadeva narrated all these planetary positions in as many as sixteen verses as if someone was describing it after visualizing them in the sky. It is also well known that during the War, Lord Balarama went on a pilgrimage to holy places along the banks of the River Saraswati and Mahabharata describes the position of the moon during the entire course of pilgrimage.For example, He set out on the day when the moon was at the asterism Pushya and returned on the day when the moon was at the asterism Shravana.The Mahabharata also mentions the occurrence of a solar eclipse at the asterism Jyestha and a lunar eclipse at the asterism Krittika, just before the beginning of the War. It also mentions the appearance of a comet at the asterism Pushya, on the 8th day of the bright half of the month of Magha, when Bhishma died. On that day the moon was at the asterism Rohini and it was the day of Winter Solstice.The day on which Ghatotkacha, son of Bhima, died, the moon appeared at the horizon at 2.00 a.m. The epic also mentions the occurrence of a very rare astronomical event that took place prior to the War: three eclipses, two lunar and a solar, within a lunar month of 27 days. There is also another continuing tradition in this country that says that the beginning of the present Kali Yuga, Kurukshetra War, death of Lord Krishna and coronation of Emperor Yudhishthira were contemporary events.Famous astronomer Aryabhatta in his celebrated work Aryabhatiyam had accepted the said tradition and used the word “Bharatapurvam” in the said work very often and scholars agree that he used the word to refer to such events that occurred before the Mahabharata War. In 1991, Dr. D. Abhayankar and Dr. Ballabh of the Osmania University calculated that the present Kali Yuga began on 7th February, 3104 B.C. But it is now well accepted by the both Eastern and the Western scholars that the present Kali Yuga began on the midnight of 17th and 18th February, 3102 B.C. And hence it can roughly be said that the Mahabharata War took place nearly 5000 years ago from now.Today, man has created a machine called computer which, though most idiotic, can do mathematical calculations at an incredible speed. According to a popular ad of a computer company, the calculations which Johannes Kepler took ten years to complete, can be done today within minutes, using a computer. It has therefore been possible for the scientists, with the help of this fantastic machine, to determine the dates of ancient events with unthinkable accuracy, using the planetary configurations given in the Mahabharata , as inputs.They have developed so many software for this purpose and to name a few are: (1) Planetarium, (2) Ecliptic, (3) Lode star and the(4) Panchang Software. In 2003, a two day seminar was held on 5th and 6th January, in Bangalore, on “The Date of Mahabharata War: Based on Astronomical Data Using Planetarium Software”, and a few of the eminent researchers who submitted papers were (1) Dr. S. Balakrishna of NASA, USA; (2) Dr. B. N. Narahari Achar, Department of Physics, Memphis University, USA; (3) Dr. R. N. Iyengar, Department of Civil Engineering, IISc, Bangalore; (4) Dr. S. Kalyanaraman, Saraswati River Research Centre, Chennai and so on.These scientists agree that there does not exist any contradiction between any two descriptions of planetary configurations given in the Mahabharata. Dr. S. Balakrishna has studied the eclipses, both solar and lunar, described in the Mahabharata and tried to find out the dates of those eclipses using the Lode Star Software. Generally 240 solar and 150 lunar eclipses occur in a century and during the period from 3300 B.C. to 700 B.C. nearly 6000 solar and 4000 lunar eclipses took place, though not all of them were visible from India, or to be more precise, from Kurukshetra. Out of them, 672 were eclipse pairs, or both solar and lunar eclipses within a lunar month. Dr. Balakrishna studied the eclipses those have been mentioned in the text of Mahabharata. In fact, there are mentions of solar eclipses at 8 places in Mahabharata, out of which three of them are very important.Firstly, the solar eclipse that is mentioned in the Sabha Parva. The second solar eclipse which is mentioned in the Udyoga Parva to which Karna tried to draw the attention of Lord Krishna when He was returning from Hastinapur. The third important solar eclipse has been mentioned in the Shalya Parva, that occurred along with two lunar eclipses within a month. Many believe that there was a total solar eclipse occurred on the 13th day of the War, which has been allegorically mentioned as covering the sun by Lord Krishna with is His Sudarshan Chakra.The epic Mahabharata has so many other aspects which common people do not know. Firstly, the epic as we see it today containing 100,000 verses was not the creation of Vedavyasa. He composed what was then known as the Jai, containing only 8,800 verses. Later on Rishi Vaishampayana enlarged it to contain 24,000 verses which was then known as the Bharata. Finally Sauti, the son of the suta (the chariot driver) Lomaharshana, gave it present form as we see now, containing 100,000 verses.It has been mentioned earlier that just prior to the Mahabharata War, a very rare event of three eclipses occurring within a lunar month took place: a lunar eclipse followed by a solar one and then another lunar eclipse. According to the text of Mahabharata, the solar eclipse occurred just 13 days after the first lunar eclipse. Dr. S. Balakrishna of NASA, USA, has searched all eclipse pairs, a lunar eclipse followed by a solar eclipse after 13 days, that took place from 3300 B.C. to 700 B.C., using the Lodestar pro-software.He found that nearly 672 eclipse pairs have occurred within the said period, out of which 27 pairs have been found to have less than 14 days time gap. And according to Dr. Balakrishna, the eclipse pair of 2559 is the best match with the description given in the text of Mahabharata. But according to Dr. Kalyanaraman, the eclipses occurred in 3067 B.C.- the lunar eclipse on 29th September at the asterism Krittika and the solar eclipse on 14th October at the asterism Jyestha. Researcher Dr. P. V. Holay examined 6 planetary configurations given in the Mahabharata and concluded that the War began on 13th November, 3143 B.C.But Dr. K. S. Raghavan and his coworker Dr. G. S. Sampath Iyengar, using the Planetarium software came to the conclusion that the Kurukshetra War began on 22nd day of November, 3067 B.C. (according to the present Gregorian calendar). Professor Dr. Narahari Achar of the University of Memphis, USA, also arrived at the same conclusion using the said Planetarium software. Dr. S. Kalyanaraman of the Saraswati River Research Centre, Chennai, found the estimates of Dr. K. S. Raghavan and Dr. Narahari Achar correct and, on that basis, calculated the dates of some other important events of Mahabharata. For example: Lord Krishna, on His final peace mission, set out for Hastinapur on 26th September, 3067 B.C. when the moon was at the asterism Revati. Lord Krishna arrived Hastinapur on 28th September, 3067 B.C., when the moon was at the asterism Bharani. The full moon and lunar eclipse at Krittika occurred on 29th September, 3067 B.C.The solar eclipse at Jyestha occurred on 14th October, 3067 B.C. Lord Balarama set out for pilgrimage on 1st November, 3067 B.C. The War began on 22nd November, 3067 B.C. Lord Balarama concluded His pilgrimage on 12th December, 3067 B.C. The winter solstice occurred on 13th January, 3066 B.C. Bhishma died on 17th January, 3066 B.C. The comet Mahaghora appeared at the asterism Pushya in October, 3066 B.C. inally, it should be mentioned that the said seminar officially accepted that the Mahabharata War began, as mentioned above, on 22nd November, 3067 B.C.So it appears that the Mahabharata War took place, not in Dwapara Yuga but, in the 35th year of the present Kali Yuga. It is not unlikely because according to the text of Mahabharata, the War took place at the juncture of Dwapara and Kali Yuga. Last year, (2005 A.D.), astrologer Arun Kumar Bansal, using computer software, calculated date of birth of Lord Krishna and it was 21st July, 3228 B.C. So it appears that during the Mahabharata War, age of Lord Krishna was 161 years. At the first sight, it may appear to be absurd. But it should be mentioned here that, according to Hindu scriptures, the normal life span of human beings is 400 years in Krita (or Satya), 300 years in Treta, 200 years in Dwapara and 100 years in Kali Yuga. In fact, during the Kurukshetra War, most of the military top brass of both Kauravas and Pandavas were more than 100 years old.To conclude, it should be mentioned here that the discovery of the ruins of the city of Dwaraka by the renowned archaeologist Dr. S. R. Rao, under the Arabian Sea, provides another strong evidence that Lord Krishna and the story of Mahabharata were a reality and not simply poet’s fancy.	This question can be answer by other questions such as:Is Akbar the great real?Is Ashoka the great real?Is Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj real?Is Tipusultan Maharaj real?Is George Washington real?All these great personalities are not seen by the generation of 20th & 21st century population. They only can read about them or heard about them. It is up to them now whether they accept these personalities as real or fake.Thank you very much.	as real as my very breath….no need to prove his presence..prove he doesn’t exist!!!! The very air around you has krishna’s fragrance, just let him enter you!!!	As real as Harry Potter and Jesus Christ.	
Did Lord Krishna and Arjun knew each other even before commencement of Mahabharat Do they knew other from previous births	Let me tell you one thing very, very clearly- they knew each other before everything came into being and they would continue being together even after everything would be destroyed. One is human while one is God. One is purush, the other is Param-Atma. They are Nara and Narayana. It is said that Arjuna had only one nipple because he was more man than others and Krishna had none, for he was purna-purush, the complete masculine.Hope you got the answer.	Arjuna and KrishNa metaphorically represent nara (human-ATman) and NArAyaNa (the Cause or the PramATma).Therefore there never was a time NarAyaNa did not know nara, but it is possible that nara did not know nArAyaNa, when nara is submerged in the vagaries of the physical world!	Krishna was avatar of Narayan and Arjuna was of Nar. So like every other characters these pair was also pre-decided.	
Did Dharmarsya Nakula and Sahadeva formally marry like Bhima Arjuna	Yes, all other Pandavas had their separate wives other than Draupadi. Devika was wife of Yudhisthir. Nakula and Sahdeva both were married. They had marital alliances with Drishtketu king of chedi and son of shishupal. They also had marital alliance with son of Jarasandha.	No	
Was Karan from Mahabharat married to someone	Karna had two wives named Vrushali and Supriya respectively. Vrushali was his childhood sweetheart whom he married later. Vrushali's elder brother was a charioteer. Supriya was the friend and companion(sakhi) of Duryodhan's wife princess Bhanumati. When Duryodhan abducted Bhanumati from her Swayamvar Sabha with the help of Karna, Supriya was accompanying them as Bhanumati's chaperon. She agreed to marry Duryodhan under the condition that Karna should marry Supriya so that the two friends are not separated. Karna agreed to marry her on Duryodhan's request.	
How is Kumbhakarna more thankful than Karna	Kumbhakarna is the brother of Ravana.He belongs to the lineage of Brahma, the Creator of worlds.He did penances to impress Gods and obtain boons along with his brother.He fought Rama siding with Ravana and died at the hands of God.Karna never had anything above.No clan, no lineage, no identity.He struggled to find his real place in the society.By the time he found it, too Late.He did not die in hands of Lord Krishna, which is what Bhishma himself wanted to have.If Duryodhana is his brother/step-brother, it would have been different.But, No.He lived due to gratitude/trust of the eldest of the Kauravas all his life.Karna made Krishna and Kunti blameless by asking them to keep quiet abotu his birth secret.Yet, Krishna blamed him for whatever happened before killing him. Furthermore, he never blamed Kunti at all.Yudhistira blamed his mother.	
Is it bad to read the entire Mahabharata	Bad? It’s the best possible thing you can do not just for yourself, but also your family and circle of friends. Why? Please read on.Mahabharata is an integral part of our culture and psyche. Even those who don’t know much about it do know something about it. So why not know it in its entirety?It is part of our Itihasa, or cultural history. It tells us about a far off time in our own land, and the beliefs and practices of that time. For the people of the subcontinent, its like knowing where we came from. For history buffs and students of social structures, it’s a treasure!For the religious, there are pages and pages dedicated to stories from Puranas and descriptions of places of pilgrimage with stories related to them. And you’re reading about God participating in life like a human mortal.It is the home of the Fifth Veda, the Gita. The message of the Gita is eternal; it transcends time, place, culture, religion, society, class, everything. The Gita doesn’t really need the Mahabharata, but knowing how it all came about and what was it’s impact is always beneficial. Reading the Gita will change you. For the better.You will finally find out the truth, about a whole lot of things. Did Draupadi really insult Duryodhana? Who was better, Karna or Arjuna? So who killed Bhishma, Arjuna or Shikhandi? Was Karna really the tragic hero of the story or villain? Was Krishna really fond of Arjuna? Was Draupadi responsible for the war? Was Duryodhana a good guy? Was Karna a good guy? Was Dhritarashtra a good guy? Was anyone a good guy?Once you find out the truth, you’ll be able to watch and dismiss all the TV serials made with Mahabharata as the backdrop as cheap entertainment made for spinning money. Your entire family will also be enlightened and will hopefully open the eyes of others to the truth as well.You will figure out that many books written on Mahabharata, fiction as well as retellings, no matter how good on metaphors and hyperboles, are basically NOT Mahabharata and simply entertainment.You will stop victim blaming and shaming. And will want to know the truth rather than believing anything. Yes, it’s one of the side effects of reading the epic in its entirety.You will come to respect your own culture, and decide that it’s cool to know about your own culture and respect our values. You will come to realize that it’s entirely possible to be modern and rational and still love our culture. You might even want to read the Puranas and Vedas, or learn Sanskrit, or both. Or write essays on what you learnt and share your knowledge with the world. It’s been known to happen.You might find the parallels of Mahabharata everywhere, in your daily life, in the people you know or come across, in the situations you face, in everything. It will come to your rescue in a dilemma, or help you understand something, or inspire you in some way.You will find yourself moving away from negativity and embracing positivity. It answers some very fundamental questions on dharma, and forces you to question yourself and your beliefs and practices in everyday life. It’s not related to religion, but life.But all this will happen only if you read a good abridged version or the unabridged text, without any bias or agenda, and accept what you read, because it will challenge what you thought you knew.	To my surprise, who was propagating such false news.Mahabharata is an epic and contains of volume of knowledge in it. By reading Mahabharata and understanding it in a properway and making implementation to the present day generation will enlighten the reader all about life, how to live, why to live and the importance of Dharma which is the present day necessity.All unfortunate events are being occured in the society due to lack of knowledge about Ramayana, Mahabharata and Bhagavatam which were not being taught in majority of the schools especially in English medium schools. Today there is every need to impart such vedic education and it should become a part of the teaching schedule which majority of the Governments are neglecting. These are being taught only in Vedic schools.	
What if Karna killed Arjuna	Hmm.. wud have happened if Arjuna wud have released Pashupastra on Karn Or whole kuru sena ..? If n Buts are made to spoil the essence of MB war n lessons of Geeta .But even if I go by ur iffs then I’m definitely sure that Karn too wud have died after few seconds cuz he wud have been thrashed so badly by Arjuna shots & got wounded so hard at Arjuna hands that Karn wud have to leave his last breath . Karn wud have faced same situation which Arjuna faced while fighting on a boar  against Mahadev & u knw Wat happened . Arjuna was almost killed but saved cuz he was going thru his biggest litmus test cuz Mahadev was testing him . But in case of Karn no mahdev wud have come to give him lease of life after getting hit by Arjuna arrows . So even then Pandvas wud have surely won . Cuz again Bhimsen wud have killed Duryodhana after Arjuna death . But at last I’ll say one thing if n Buts are just lame excuses . The best one always wins . Abhimanyu dint lost , he sacrificed his life but before that he had won battle against every SINGLE rathi , Ardhrathi Karn , maharathis n Atimaharathi. Thanx .	Is there any point in what ifs to our real world? PEOPLE are still asking what if Mahabharat a never happened. Many are wondering what if it's all just randomness and we are just byproducts of Some cosmic explosion of a giant massive ball of fire huh? If there is a story told we have to either believe or disbelieve. Your asking whether karna killed arjuna is somewhat similar to what if Mahabharat didn't happen? So thats my reaction to the speculative minds in which are borne questions of such intrigue. Quite intriguing indeed. So coming back to your question, I think the difference that it would have really made was insertion of 3rd character called Karna in the Holy Book Bhagavad Gita. After karna killed Arjuna and the Kauravas would have won. Karna would have probably repented sorrowfully probably of a higher magnitude than Arjuna did which had led to Krishna giving the Saar of Gita to Arjuna and the world in the first place. So we would have another chapter in the Gita starting with Krishna saying “I am sorry Arjuna, but you can't tell that I didn't warn ya. After all Karna was indeed Son of the Sun. So now Mr. Karna, Son of the Sun. How you doing.?” Chapter 19: “Fooled Ya”. The Updated Gita with 9 new chapters where Krishna consoles Karna and gives him the knowledge of the creation and all that will be published in the coming yugas. Currently Lord Ganesha is going over it before he hands it over Lord Krishna for final approval. Till then I will present an excerpt of chapter 19,fooled ya.Lord Krishna : Karna, Good work. Your dad is proud of you. You have indeed made the lineage of the Sun more respectable and noble by this act of yours of killing your younger brother from the same mother. This Arjuna was weak anyways. You know I had to pause time in this world to convince him to fight this war and 18 chapters and 900 verses all fruitless. Can you imagine what a waste.Suryaputra karna : Oh the supreme personality of godhead lord krishna, what's done is done. Now I am very confused. With Arjuna dead Do those 18 chapters make any sense anymore? I mean if Arjuna, the greatest of all archers and Son Of Lord Indra himself did not get it, then what's the point my lord in giving these teachings to the mere mortals and the progeny. They will never get it. They will misinterpret it misuse it and probably invent a lot of bullshit based on the ideas presented on the Gita.Supreme personality of Godhead Lord Krishna : indeed indeed Karna right you are. So now I will give you a Saar. A short Saar, A very short one for you and your progeny and the humanity to sustain themselves somehow in the kali yuga. First and foremost,I guess Arjuna not thinking about the result of the contest between you and him, might have killed him. So first we will slightly change the teachings and concept. Concept 1. Just concentrate on the results. No matter how you get them, it doesn't matter. Just get it done. If you cannot try faking, stealing etc and etc. Know this you will never be happy though. But just do it since I ask you to do. Thank you. Hopefully see ya in few hundred thousand years with Karna's tryst with The new Gita. Until then… Welcome to the machine.	That is IMPOSSIBLE.Even Karna knew that nobody can slay Pardha when Lord Krishna himself is on the chariot.He fought still because its his VOW to fight and he is tired of his life.If that indeed happened, Krishna would have burned down all Kaurava army along with Karna immediately.Iam not sure even after that Krishna would have calmed down. Maybe he would have brought back Arjuna like he did with Parikshith.	Krishna would kill him. Not just because he couldn't let the Kauravas win but also because Krishna loved Arjuna above and beyond anything. He was ready to take up weapons if Arjuna failed to kill Jayadratha. If by some chance Karna killed Arjuna, Krishna would've become furious and unleashed destruction over the Kauravas.Yudhishtira and the other Pandavas would've fallen into despair.Kunti would've lost two sons instead of one.It would've created an extremely peculiar and unfortunate situation for Draupadi. With one husband dead but four alive would she be a widow or not? What would've made it worse was the fact that her beloved Arjuna died. She would've grieved a lot and so would Subhadra.The conclusion is that Arjuna's death would've depressed almost every one on the Pandava side to the point of no return since Arjuna was everyone's beloved.	JIVA’S REBIRTH. Yes, as Karna signify material desire & on other side Arjun signify Intelligence.Karna is attractive character as material desires are. Spiritual practitioner aboundend such desires in bignning of spiritual quest as Karna was aboundend by Kunti devi.At higher stage in spirituality practitioner have to finish all such desires under the guidance of spiritual master for enlightenment. Just as Arjun killed Karna in guidance of Lord Krishna.Reason of our birth in material world are our contaminated & perverted desires. Soul being part & parcel of Supreme is also eternally blissful & learned but due to contamination of material desires it has forgotten it's eternal relation with Supreme, Krishna.To clean or clear such contamination Yoga procedure is to be adopted & Bhakti- yoga is recommended for the current age.Thanks.	He would have died because of heart attack as his weak heart could have not tolerated that kind of happiness. Or he could have became lunatic with happiness which he was searching all his life. He was obsessed with killing him to extent that his life revolved around it. He even took asura vow to not even wash his feet etc etc till he killed Arjuna. He was even ready to give his wives to foot soldiers for just spoting Arjuna. Had he really killed him he would have been rolling madly on the ground and would have been sent to some asylum.	
Why did Arjuna kidnap Subhadra	Thanks for the question.In my another answer I elaborated how different versions of Mahabharata narrated the story of Subhadra ‘s marriage with Arjun.Since here only the reason was asked I would stick to that only.Before answering I would like to clear…it was not kidnap. It was abduction. There is difference between both.While the northern versions stuck to abduction story,Southern versions totally differed and presented the beautiful love story of Subhadra and Arjuna which was more popular down south.But all the versions unanimously agreed on one issue..Arjuna did not take Subhadra to Indraprasth without marrying her with due formalities.According to Bori,KMG,Gita Press ,Krishna convinces Balarama to bring them back before they reach Indraprasth. Then after the marriage Arjuna took Subhadra to Indraprasth.Southern versions differedAs per Southern versions Arjuna in the guise of a celibate stays in Subhadra’s kanyapur . Subhadra serves him following the order of Balaram.Subhadra is in love with Arjuna hearing about his looks and valour from Gada.Arjuna reveals himself and proposes to her.Krishna sends Balarama and others to Raivataka mountain for worship of Mahadev.Then Krishna,Vasudeva Devaki perform the marriage . Indra And Sachi comes down to bless the couple.On The advice of Krishna Arjuna takes Subhadra towards Indraprasth. Balarama sends Yadava force to stop them but Arjuna defeats them all.Krishna convinces Balaram who finally consents..Now the question why did he abduct Subhadra?Arjuna falls in love with Subhadra.Krishna understands his wish and advises him to abduct her .Arjuna ‘s wordsarjuna uvAcha||duhitA vasudevasya vAsudevasya cha svasA |rUpeNa chaiva sampannA kamivaiShA na mohayet || 18||kRRitameva tu kalyANaM sarvaM mama bhaveddhruvam |yadi syAnmama vArShNeyI mahiShIyaM svasA tava || 19||ExcerptArjuna answered, 'She is Vasudeva's daughter and Vasudeva's (Krishna) sister; endued with so much beauty, whom can she not fascinate? If this thy sister, this maid of the Vrishni race, becometh my wife, truly may I win prosperity in everything. Tell me, O Janardana, by what means I may obtain her. To get her I will achieve anything that is achievable by man.'”Arjuna’s intention is to have her as his wife. He is not the one who decides to abduct her. It was Krishna who advises him to abduct his sister.When the decision happened to be Krishna’s why is Arjun cornered for abduction I did not understand.Another important point after the course of action was decided,Arjuna gets approval from Yudhishtir.ExcerptThen Krishna and Arjuna, having thus settled as to what should be done sent some speedy messengers unto Yudhishthira at Indraprastha, informing him of everything. The strong-armed Yudhishthira, as soon as he heard it, gave his assent to it.'"So Yudhishtir also approved of the plan. Why? If abduction is against dharma will he give his consent? Never.Why did Krishna suggest abduction?As per Bori ,Gita Press Krishna says since Subhadra’s choice in a swayamvar is not known,and since abduction is acceptable in marriage systems for Kshatriyas It should be opted for.As per Southern versions only after marriage,Arjuna takes her to Indraprasth defeating Yadava force.To sum upArjuna abducted Subhadra because he was advised so by Krishna.Krishna chose the way becausehe wanted to cement his friendship with Parth by means of this marriagehe knew Arjuna will be the best for his sisterhe also knew that through Subhadra Kuru Vansh will have a successor to the throne,he desired to close the chance of Balaram making alliance with Kauravas through Subhadra.Subhadra aftermathSubhadra did not call for help neither did she resist..at the time of abduction.Subhadra promptly followed Arjuna’s words to please Draupadi by going in Gopi’s attireSubhadra lived her life happily and became the mother of the worthiest son ,Abhimanyu.Subhadra stayed with Parikshit to guide him..in Maha prasthana ParvaI feelSubhadra lived a purposeful life and saw her lineage prosper.If at all any one has problem with abduction Arjuna should not be questioned or blamed..it was Krishna’s decision .I believe in Krishna’s divinity since I am not a rationalist. To me he is Vishnu incarnate..he is not answerable to anyone..his decision by all means is law for me and for Arjun..Source referencesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Adi Parv..Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parv Section CCXXIGita Press Sanskrit with Hindi Translation by Pandit RamnarsyanSouthern Edition Kumbhakonam,PPS Sastri Edited versionNilakantha bhavadipa	Instead of asking for Shubhadra's hand why did Arjuna abduct Shubhadra ?Arjuna and Krishna went in a festival on Raivataka Mountain. As they were strolling about the festival ground, Arjuna saw Shubhdra there. As soon as Arjuna saw her, Cupid rose up in his heart.Krishna noted at once and said,” Arjuna, she is my sister and my brother Balaram had decided to marry her with Duryodhan.”.Arjuna kept his desires to Krishna that he wants to marry Shubhdra. Then Krishna advises him , if you simply ask for Shubhadra’s hand from my brother Balarama then he will not agree to give his sister’s hand to a married person.Krishna tells Arjuna that Shubhadra’s swayamvara might not turn out to be favourable for him. He also stated that not all swayamvara involves cpmpetition like in Draupadi’s event. So, it might be prudent resorting to another sort of marriage, an option open only for Kshatriyas: marriage by abduction.Lord Krishna justified Arjuna by saying, in the case of kshatriyas, that are brave, a forcible abduction for purpose of marriage is applauded.But Balaram and other yadavas are angered by this and decided to pursue Arjuna as this act caused dishonour to them. Krishna intervenes and convinces them that they should accept Arjuna as a good match for Shubhadra. Finally, Balaram consents and conduct the marriage of Shubhadra with Arjuna.Alternative StorySome T.V. Serials like B.R. Chopra’s Mahabharat(1988) and the recent Mahabharat(2013) portrayed an alternate story in which Shubhadra kidnaps Arjuna.According to this story, Subhadra heard about Arjuna and his valiant deeds and began to admire Arjuna secretly. Arjuna during his exile reached Dwaraka and the two secretly does a Gandharva Vivaha. Later with the help of Krishna the two leave for Indraprastha and before getting on the chariot Krishna advises Subhadra to be the charioteer which will show her consent to the pursuing Yadavas and hence prevent them from going to war with neither Hastinapur nor Indraprastha .This story gained popularity due to the rarity of the situation i.e., kidnapping of a male by a female.	Subhadra was Vasudev Krishna’s half sister, from the same father. A swayamvara was being organised for Subhadra. Krishna was not sure as to whom his sister would end up choosing. Moreover the groom paid the price for the bride which did not go down well with him.Arjun was smitten by Subhadra. He was Krishna’s aunt Kunti’s son, his friend and a brave warrior. There would have been no better match than Arjun.Krishna suggested that Arjun elope with his sister and he would take care of the rest in the family.	Arjun did not kidnap Subhadra, but it was the pre-fixed program of Lord Sri Krishn. What Arjun did was the planning of Sri Krishn.When Arjun was disguise of a saint reached near Dwarka, suddenly, he saw a most beautiful girl. It was the last yr of exile of Pandava. So, all were in another form. Arjun was fascinated to see the beauty of Subhadhra. When Arjun enquire about that Girl, he came to know that it was Subhadhra the sister of Sri Krishn- Balraam Ji.Subhadhra also fell in love with Arjun, so both began to meet secretly in the orchard of Dwarka. Some one told Sri Krishn about this love of Arjun-Subhadra. But problem was that Balraam ji the elder brother of Lord Sri Krishn wanted his sister Subhadhra to marry Duryodhan.Lord Sri Kṛṣishṇ and Lord Baladeva were constant companions from Their very childhood. He is the plenary manifestation of the Supreme Personality of Godhead, and therefore He is as good and powerful as Lord Kṛiṣhṇ.So, knowing the facts, Sri krishn made the plan for abduction of Subhadhra by Arjun. Because, Baldev ji, wanted Subhadhra to marry his dear pupil Duryodhan.So, as per program fixed by Sri krishn, Arjun abducted Subhadhra from the Lord Shiva temple, where she visited for offering Puja. When Subhadrā was kidnapped by Arjuna by the organized plan of Śrī Kṛiṣhṇ, Baladeva was very angry with Arjuna and wanted to kill him at once.Śrī Kṛiṣhṇ, for the sake of His dear friend, fell at the feet of Lord Baladeva and implored Him not to be so angry. He implored his hands before his elder brother. At the secret disclosing, Śrī Baladeva was thus satisfied.Similarly, He was once very angry with the Kauravas, and He wanted to throw their whole city into the depths of the Yamunā. But the Kauravas satisfied Him by surrendering unto His divine lotus feet. So, due to that reason, Arjun abducted Subhadra as per program fixed by Sri Krishn.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	Arjun went to Vanvas for twelve years to fulfill the pledge taken by each Pandava brother that when Draupadi would be one brother for one year duration, no other brother should breach the privacy. During his travel though Bharatvarsha , Arjun had a one night marriage with Ulupi,; then after some time during his travel he liked Chitrangada, princess of Manipur, who had all the qualities of a warrior prince and Arjun liked her qualities. He proposed marriage to her father who agreed on condition that Chitrangada's son would be the future king of Manipur and she would have to stay in Manipur only. Arjun married her and stayed there for 3 years till Chitrangada conceived and gave birth to Babhruvahan.Arjun then traveled to Prabhas at the eleventh year of his sojourn and Krishna took him to Dwaraka. One day during a festival Arjun saw Subhadra and was mesmerized by het feminity and beauty. Krishna observed Arjun and asked him whether he wants to marry her, his sister Subhadra. Arjun showed her eagerness to marry her and asked Krishna how could that be achieved. Krishna said that they could arrange a Swyamvar for Subhadra but Krishna could not be sure that Subhadra would chose Arjun as she did not know him. Then Krishna suggested Arjun to kidnap her as he did for Rukmini as it was an acceptable way to take a bride. Arjun wanted consent of Yudhishthir and he sent a person to Khandavaprashtha for Yudhishthir.One day, when Subhadra went to Raibatak mountain for Puja, with her body guards, Arjun followed her in a chariot. After she finished her Puja, Arjun lifted her in his chariot and sped away. Subhadra did not raise any alarm, the guards were scared to attack Arjun and they came back to Dwarka and reported the matter. Immediately, war bugles were sounded and an urgent meeting was held in the assembly hall Sudharma of Dwaraka. Balaram and others were furious and they wanted to attack Arjun. Krishna argued the cool logic that Arjun is a suitable groom and how important is the alliance politically and geographically with Pandavas and Yadavas. All listened to Krishna's logic and brought back Arjun and Subhadra. Yudhishthir's consent also arrived and they were married. In Subhadra, Arjun got the wife who was only his and they had very good understanding.	All Yadavs thought that Arjuna was kidnapping Subhadra , when in fact both the lovers eloped from Dwaraka with an intent to reach Hastinapura and marry. They soon realised that Subhadra was a willing partner when she took the reins of the chariot while Arjuna resisted the Yadava warriors whom he defeated.Arjuna resorted to this when Krishna and Balarama and all leading Yadavas were away from Dwaraka on account of a religious pilgrimage. He did it as they were not sure Balarama would agree to give his sister to Arjuna.	
Can you summarise the Mahabharata in a few thousand words and explain the significance and roles of the main characters of the story	Behold the tale of 5 heroes and their 100 immoral enemies. Behold the tale of Nara and Narayana, of Krishna and Krishnaa. Behold the tale of Karma and Dharma, of bhakthi and its shakthi. Behold the Game of Thrones before George RR Martin made it cool.A long time ago, the Kuru Empire spread far and wide across the continent of Bharat. Its capital city was Hastinapur. At the helm of it was king Shanthunu, a just and kind ruler. Once, on an encounter with the river goddess Ganga by her banks, he gets smitten by her instantly and proposes marriage. The goddess graciously accepts but places a condition – he shall never question her actions or stop them but if he does, she shall leave him immediately. Giddy with infatuation, the King accepts. The wedding and a blissful honeymoon phase later, Ganga, now, the Empress of Hastinapur conceives. But when the heir is born, she takes her son with her and drowns him in the river. The King is shocked by this unmotherly act but does not question her, remembering his promise. 7 other children of the couple meet the same fate and the King silently suffers through them. When the eighth child is about to be drowned, Shanthunu bursts out, unable to take it anymore and questions his wife. Ganga smilingly reminds him of his broken promise and assures him that she will not kill his eighth child. But, as per her word, she has to leave him. Ganga informs the King that she will take the child with him and bring him up to become a worth heir to his father’s legacy. Having little say in the matter, Shanthunu sadly bid farewell to Ganga and awaits his son’s return.The son, Devavrath, does return as the most powerful warrior the world has ever seen. Shanthunu makes him crown prince and the people of the Kuru Empire eagerly await his ascend to the throne. If only life was that simple. Shanthunu falls in love again. This time, with a fisherwoman named Sathyavathi. On being proposed, she turns it down politely saying that being the King’s second wife, her children will never get to rule the kingdom and that, she does not like. Unable to see his father heartbroken, Devavrath sees himself as the obstacle between his father and Sathyavathi. So, he vows to forsake his right to the throne and remain a celibate his entire life, dedicating it to protect and serve anyone who occupies the throne. Moved by such an unnatural sacrifice, Shanthunu grants him a boon to die only when he wishes and the Gods give him a title – Bhishma.Sathyavathi, married to Shanthunu, has two children from him – Chitrangadh and Vichithravirya. After Shanthunu’s demise, Chitrangadh who is the heir to the throne dies an untimely death in a battle with a Gandharva. Thus, Vichithravirya is proclaimed to be the future King by Bhishma, Hastinapur’s chief protector. The king of Kashi organizes a swayamvar for his three daughters – Amba, Ambika and Ambalika but does not invite Vichithravirya for it. Furious at Hastinapur being snubbed, Bhisma barges into the swayamvar and abducts the three princesses for Vichithravirya. Amba, the eldest, tells him that she loves another King, Shalva and cannot be Vichitravirya’s wife. Bhishma sends her off to her lover and her sisters are married to Vichitravirya. Shortly after his coronation, Vichitravirya dies of an illness. Amba returns on being snubbed by Shalva as she was “contaminated” by Bhishma’s touch and asks Bhishma to marry her to atleast salvage her honour. But, Bhishma refuses to break his vow and Amba furiously declares to return some day or the other and become the cause of his death.The humour of destiny is cruel. Sathyavathi wanted her children to rule the land and for which Bhishma had to give up his birth right. But her children did not even live long enough to be Kings! Distraught, Sathyavathi summons sage Krishna Dwaipanya – her son out of wedlock from sage Parashara who is brought up by his father, to impregnate Ambika and Ambalika for, Bhishma wouldn’t take back his vow and the throne needed a heir. One princess bears a blind son – Dhrithrashtra and the other bears a pale son – Pandu. Still in need of a healthy son to guide the other two, a servant girl bears a normal, healthy boy – Vidur. The three boys are brought up by their mothers, under the watchful eyes of Bhishma and Sathyavathi. Dhrithrashtra gets married to Gandhari, daughter of Sulabha, king of Gandhara. His son, Shakuni, is furious on his sister’s marriage to a blind man bides his time to avenge it. Gandhari chooses to cover her eyes with a cloth, joining her huband’s misery, for the rest of her life. When alas! She could have become the eyes he never had.A coronation ceremony is organized for Dhrithrashtra, Pandu and Vidur to become the King, General and Prime Minister respectively. Ever being the voice of reason, Vidur addresses the elephant in the room and points out that a blind Dhrithrashtra cannot become the King and suggests Pandu to ascend the throne instead. The elders agree and Pandu is coronated, leaving Dhrithrashtra bitter. Pandu marries Kunti, foster daughter of king Kuntiboj and later, marries Madri, princess of Madra desh. When, on a hunting trip, Pandu mistakes a sage engaging in sexual intercourse with his wife, to be a wild animal, he accidentally shoots them both. Just before his death, the sage curses him that he shall die if he engages in sexual pleasure with any woman. Upset with himself, Pandu gives up the throne and retires to the forest with Kunti and Madri. Dhrithrashtra becomes the caretaker-King. In the forest, Kunti reveals to Pandu about a boon from Sage Durvasa where, he presented her with a mantra, chanting which, a god of their choice could be called upon to impregnate Kunti.An overjoyed Pandu asks Kunti to use it three times to call Yama-the god of death, Vayu-the god of wind and Indra-the god of rain to get one son from each of them. Thus, Yudhishtir from Yama, is born with his sense of justice, Bhim from Vayu, is born with his strength and Arjun from Indra, is born with his valour. Madri, eager to beget children for her husband, coaxes Kunti to share the mantra with her and invokes the Ashwini twins from whom, Nakul-the handsome one and Sahadev-the intelligent one are born. The 5 boys are called the Pandavas. On the other hand, in Hastinapur, when a pregnant Gandhari’s body refuses to go into labour, she beats her stomach in frustration and bleeds a ball of flesh. Krishna Dwaipayana, who happens to pass by, notices the uproar in the palace and solves the problem. He cuts the flesh into a 100 balls and asks them to be stored into a 100 pots. A year later, the 100 balls give rise to a 100 children – the Kauravas, just after the birth of Bhim. A little after the Pandavas are born, Pandu gives in to his desire and embraces Madri. The sage’s curse acts itself and Pandu breathes his last. The guilt-ridden Madri commits Sati and Sathyavathi retires to the forest in her old age.The children and Kunti’s return to Hastinapur marks the start of the struggles of a single mother, living in disfavour. Duryodhan, the eldest Kaurava brother leaves no stone unturned in causing troubles for his aunt and cousins. But they silently suffer through taunts, jibes and even murder attempts. Enter Drona, the powerful yet poor Brahmin who amazes the royal princes with his martial skills. Bhishma, now, a grandfather to all these kids, appoints him as the national tutor to train all of Hastinapur’s children, including its princes in warfare and so, Drona becomes Dronacharya. All of his students excel in their lessons but it is Arjun, that peerless archer who becomes his star pupil. On a hunting trip to the forests, they encounter Ekalavya, the Nishadh prince who was turned down by Drona when he approached him to be accepted as his student and are amazed by his skills. The sincere Ekalavya learns archery himself, next to an idol of Drona and dedicates his expertise to Drona himself. Realizing that Ekalavya was the prince of a tribe that was Hastinapur’s enemy and teaching an enemy’s prince would amount to treachery, Drona asks for Ekalavya’s right hand thumb as Guru Dhakshina to undo his skills thereby, burdening himself with a lifetime of gulit. Ekalavya uncomplainingly gives his thumb to his teacher and retreats and Drona’s Karma gets back at him, years later in a terrible form.When the princes complete their education, a contest in organized for the members of the royal family to view their sons’ skills. While all the princes fare well, it is Arjun who unsurprisingly shines. But just when he is about to be declared as the winner, another student of Drona barges into the competition and challenges Arjun for a duel. The man is revealed to be Vasusena, the son of Dhrithrashtra’s charioteer. When Kripacharya, Drona’s brother-in-law and the Guru of the Kuru clan denies him participation citing the reason that this contest is only for royalty, Duryodhan jumps to his defence and declares him the king of Anga thereby, earning a loyal friend for life in Vasusena.Amidst the duel, a golden armour and a pair of golden earrings appear on Vasusena’s body to protect him from Arjun’s attack which shocks Kunti, seated in the pavilion with Gandhari and the other royal women, and she faints. On regaining consciousness, she realizes that Vasusena is her firstborn son. It is revealed here that the first time Kunti used Durvasa’s mantra was not at the forest to beget Yudhishtir from Lord Yama at Pandu’s behest but much earlier, when she was a young, unmarried girl, out of curiosity. Kunti invokes Lord Surya who gives her a child with a golden armour and earrings for protection. Panicked at this experiment gone wrong and after much delibration, Kunti decides to leave the child in the river inside a golden casket to avoid the damnation it may cause to her foster father. With a heavy heart, she bids her child goodbye regretting her actions. She realizes that this young Vasusena is the child that she gave up who is now a bitter enemy of her other sons and struggles to come to terms with it.Dronacharya asks for a strange gurudakshina from his students before they take leave of him – the capture of Drupad – King of the Panchala Empire. It is here we sneak a peak into Drona’s past. Drona and Drupad were childhood friends, both tutored by Sage Bharadwaj, the former’s father. While parting, after the completion of their studies, Drupad promises to remain a true friend to Drona and never deny him any help. Years later, when struggling with poverty, Ashwathama – Drona’s precious son asks for a cup of milk that is unaffordable by Drona.So off he goes to meet his friend Drupad to seek some help. Drupad, now the ruler of Panchal refuses to acknowledge him as his friend as a King and a poor Brahmin are not equals and denies help. Angered and insulted, Drona promises to teach him a lesson. The Pandava princes do exactly that when they attack Panchal and defeat its forces. Arjun-Drona’s favourite pupil takes Drupad hostage and produces him before his beloved teacher. Drona, citing Drupad’s reason of being equal to him, takes half of his kingdom but puts his enmity at rest. Druapad, however, picks up from where Drona left off and burns to avenge this insult. Thus, he performs a fire sacrifice, praying for two things – a son who is destined to kill Drona and a daughter who becomes Arjun’s wife for, Arjun’s skills impress Drupad even in that testing time and having him as his son-in law will pit Arjun for Panchal and against Drona, if the need be. He gets his heart’s desire in the form of Dhrishtadyumna, his son and Draupadi, his daughter.Back in Hastinapur, unable to handle Yudhishtir’s popularity among both the masses and the nobles, Duryodhan decides to murder the Pandavas and Kunti in order to get to the throne. Together with his evil uncle Shakuni, Vasusena and his other brothers, he plans to set fire to the Varnavrat palace made of lacquer which played host to the Pandavas and their mother for a holiday and assigns the job to Purochan. But Vidur sends word to Yudhishtir who in turn alerts his brothers and mother and they escape the fire which ironically takes the life of Purochan. In the absence of the Pandavas, they are assumed to be dead, much to the grief of Bhishma but to the secret glee of the Kauravas and their father. The Pandavas and Kunti spend some years incognito as nomads to bide their time before confronting Dhrithrashtra. They have many adventures in this time but the most memorable one of it all is Bhim’s marriage to Hidimba, a demoness. Together, they have a son, Ghatothgach. When the Pandavas and their mother decided to move to Kampilya, capital city of the Panchal kingdom, Hidimba stays behind with her son, to rule her tribe.Shortly after his ascend to Anga’s throne, Vasusena’s charitable nature gains fame far and wide. One morning after his prayers, Lord Surya warns him that Lord Indra will come to him in the form of an old man and ask for his armour and earrings as charity because they stand in the way of destiny’s many plans and that he should not give them to him. Having never denied the needy of anything, Vasusena refuses to listen to his father’s warnings and cuts them off his body when Indra, in the form of an old man, asks for them. Moved by such steely resolve, Indra gives him the Shakthi Astra and with it, he earns a title, Karna. King Drupad organizes a swayamvar for Draupadi in order to get Arjun of his disguise. The swayamvar is a difficult one and is achieveable only by the best archer of the land. When many talented people including Karna fail in it, Arjun, still in disguise, passes the test and wins Draupadi’s hand. When he takes her to his hut, Kunti sees Draupadi as a constructive force in the Pandavas’ life that will propel them to achieve great things in life if they are all together and asks all the brothers to marry her. Drupad, initially hesitant about this strange alliance is convinced by Krishna Dwaipayana to agree to it for the greater good.Married to the most beautiful woman in the world and allied with a very powerful king, the Pandavas return to Hastinapur and claim their birth right. A war of words later, the kingdom is partitioned into two halves, one for the Pandavas and the other for the Kauravas. The Pandavas discover that they have been handed over the barren half, Khandav and the prosperous Hastinapur is still Duryodhan’s. But, their cousins – Krishna and Balaram along with Maya, a demonic architect help them build a prosperous city in the barren land and they name it Indraprasta. The Pandavas happily live there with their mother and Draupadi, who becomes in charge of the kingdom’s economics and Indraprasta flourishes more than Hastinapur. Krishna helps his cousins to create a strategy and kill Jarasandha of Magadh, a long time enemy of Hastinapur and Indraprasta after which, they conduct the Rajasuya sacrifice to make Yudhishtir the Emperor of the continent. The Kauravas, Shakuni and Karna visit Indraprasta for the same.On seeing his cousins’ prosperity, Duryodhan becomes very jealous more so because of an accident that makes him a laughing stock for Draupadi and her maids. Outraged, he returns to Hastinapur and hatches a plan to rob the Pandavas off their prosperity by way of a game of dice, orchestrated by Shakuni. Vidur, once again warns Yudhishtir to turn down Duryodhan’s invitation to Hatinapur for the dice game but Yudhishtir accepts it, not suspecting anything. Once the game starts, Yudhishtir loses all his wealth in round after another and thereby becomes a pauper. Desperate to win back his kingdom, he bets on his brothers and loses them all, making them Duryodhan’s slaves. He bets on himself too and meets the same fate. Goaded by Shakuni and gripped by the game’s addiction, he bets on Draupadi too, hoping to win but loses her too. Thrilled on becoming his hated cousins’ master, Duryodhan instructs Draupadi to come to the assembly hall as his slave and when she refuses, he orders Dusshasan, his younger brother to grab her by her hair to the hall if need be.Thus, in the presence of Bhishma, Drona, Kripa, Dhrithrashtra, Vidur, the Kauravas and her husbands, Draupadi is hauled into the hall by Dusshasan. None of the men stop this ghastly act although they are pained by it because, each of them consider themselves to be bound by their respective promises of loyalty to the throne of Hatinapur and the Pandavas are forced to obey their master, Duryodhan. Draupadi thunders in the hall. She questions the elders’ muteness and the Pandavas’ inaction all while the choicest of abuses are hurled at her. Vidur and Vikarna-the only sane Kaurava borther in the hall try to put an end to it but are effortlessly silenced.When Karna instigates Dusshasan to strip Draupadi naked, she prays for help, not to those present in the hall but to the Supreme Lord and her modesty is saved. But, she vows to not tie her hair until she bathes it in Dusshasan’s blood and Bhim proclaims to kill every one of the 100 Kaurava brothers. The blind king returns the Pandavas’ kingdom to them but Yudhishtir gambles it away yet again in exchange for 12 years of forest life and one year incognito.In the forest, Draupadi laments about her troubles to her friend and confidante, Krishna who in turn, assures her that her molesters will meet their end in the battlefield. He encourages his cousins to use these 12 years to prepare for a war with the Kauravas. The Pandavas, guilty of their inaction at the dice game, try to apologize to Draupadi and make up for it in their own way and each of them is able to salvage his relationship with her. They have many adventures in these 12 years. In the 13th year, with Krishna’s help, the disguise themselves as common people and spend it in the palace of King Virat, ruler of Matsya. Keechak, Virat’s brother-in law lusts after one of the new maids in the palace who turns out to be Draupadi in disguise. When she turns down his advances, he gets violent with her and so, she hatches a plan with Bhallav, Bhim in disguise gets him killed. This news reaches Hastinapur. Duryodhan, realizing that only Bhim can kill a warrior as mighty as Keechak, declares war on Matsya. The Pandavas, honour bound to help their hosts, fight along with Matsya’s army. Arjun overpowers the Kaurava army with a weapon that renders them unconscious and escapes. Duryodhan declares that the Pandavas have been found before the completion of their exile period. When they deny it and ask for Indraprasta back, a war is declared.As a last resort to stop the war, Krishna goes to Hatinapur as a messenger of peace but is insulted by Duryodhan. On Kunti’s insistence, he reveals to Karna, the identity of his biological mother, Kunti which leaves him shocked. When Kunti and Krishna each try to persuade him to give up supporting Duryodhan and join the Pandavas, he respectfully denies it, choosing to stay with the friend who supported him through thick and thin rather than join his new-found family. He requests both Krishna and Kunti to not reveal his identity to the Pandavas. After much preparation, the Pandavas and Kauravas gather with their armies by the Samanthapanchaka lake for the war. On day 1 of the war, Arjun whose charioteer is Krishna develops cold feet at the prospect of having to kill greats like Bhishma and Drona in order to win. Krishna preaches to him the Bhagavad Gita – index of the human life, in order to clear his doubts – highlighting the importance of duty and other moral values and explaining why this war is important for the Earth to start over. Overwhelmed by Krishna’s wisdom, Arjun resolves to give the war his all.The war sees the death of many legends, all through trickery, orchestrated by Krishna, as a means of their Karma at the dice hall, getting back at them. Bhishma is confronted by Shikandi – Drupad’s daughter turned son who is a reincarnation of the jilted Amba and when he refuses to fight Shikandi, Arjun shoots him with multiple arrows. Abhimanyu, Arjun’s son from Subhadra-Krishna’s sister, is trapped inside a laybrinthe Vyuha and attacked by 6 men at a time and brutally killed. Karna uses the Shakthi Astra, not on Arjun but on Ghatothgacha, Bhim’s firstborn. Drona is overcome, not by Dhrishtadyumna’s valour but a lie. Karna is killed by Arjun when he is in the middle of trying to get his chariot wheel out of the mud in which it gets stuck. Sahadev kills Shakuni, the brain behind the dice game. Yudhishtir kills Shalya, the Pandavas’ uncle who gets tricked into fighting for the Kauravas. Bhim kills all of the Kaurava brothers. He tears open Dusshasan’s chest and washes Draupadi’s hair with his blood.On the final confrontation with Duryodhan in a mace fight, Bhim kills him by hitting on his thigh, thereby breaking the most important rule of mace fight. This marks the end of the terrible war of Kurukshetra that spanned for a bloody 18 days. On the night of the last day, Ashwathama, looking to avenge Drona’s death sets fire to the winners’ camp thereby killing Dhrishtadyumna, Shikandi and the Upapandavas – Draupadi’s sons, each from one Pandav. When the Pandavas confront him, he unleashes the Bramhastra onto the womb of Uttara – Abhimanyu’s widow who is pregnant with his child. Krishna’s timely intervention saves her and he curses Ashwathama with a diseased, immortal life. Thus, the Pandavas, seeking no joy in victory, finally claim their birth right – the throne of Hastinapur. Kunti reveals the truth about Karna to them during his funeral which shocks them and strains their relationship irrepairably. But she accepts it stoically seeing it as a meagre punishment to her crime of abandoning Karna. Yudhishtir, bearing the guilt of the war, rules over Hastinapur for many years.Dhrithrashtra and Gandhari – broken by their sons’ death retire to the forests and are accompanied by Kunti and Vidur. They all perish in a forest fire. The Yadu clan of Krishna, indulges in a brawl among themselves which escalates into a bloody battle, resulting in the death of every man of the clan, much like what happened during the Kurukshetra. Balram and Krishna also breathe their last. Sorrowed by the loss of their cousins, the Pandavas coronate Parikshith, Abhimanyu’s son who was saved from Ashwathama’s Bhramhastra, as the next king and start for their final journey to heaven. On their way each of them fall – Draupadi, for being partial to Arjun, Sahadev for being proud of his intelligence, Nakul for being proud of his looks, Arjun for being proud of his valour and Bhim for his inability to control his anger. Only the ever-righteous Yudhishtir ascends to heaven in human form where he is reunited with his brothers and wife.So, that is the story of war and peace, of blood and bones and most importantly, of you and me.	it is already written, you can read Mahabharat by krsna dharma das, it is available in pdf form online freelyof course it may seems to good to know all characters in synopsis but you will relish truly their glories when you read complete history in short book, because we are social beings, we have feelings and emotions, we actually praise or know greatness of some personality not by merely knowing their qualities but knowing what they have done (this is very practical you can see it in every part of life, whoever you truly admire from your heart or show true respect, it is not due to his post but due to what he has done for you or others), while showing respect to boss in company may be out of custom or just because he is my boss and i get salary from him	Mahabharata cannot be summarised in a general way because anyone who reads the books will have his/her own perspective towards the story and its character. You can see that by watching both the B.R. Chopra’s Mahabharata and the new Mahabharata which came on Star. Both have different perspectives towards various characters. The major difference can be find in the characterisation of Bhishma, Yudhisthira, Shakuni, Abhimanyu and Karna. Both left some powerful characters of the original story like Barbarika, various other sons of Arjuna.	Mahabharata Summary - eNotes.com	Don not yearn for others property or others wife and that which doesn't not rightfully belongs to you. If you do then you might have to die a death of a cheap Dog.Jaya is victory over oneself, give up desire, anger, jealousy, envy, hatred then you shall get Heaven. Else you suffer on the Earth	Yes,you can do that….lol…Thanks for reading:)	
Who wrote the Mahabharata and when How did he listen and narrate the discussions between Krishna and Arjun amidst the very loud sound of war	the first name of mahabharatha was jaya and it contains 1 lakh slokas in that 24 thousand slokas where only on kauravas and pandavas remaning slokas were upakhyanas ( sub stories ) and its said that 28 th ved vyasa ( krishna dwaipayana ) who was incarnation of vishnu narrated to ganapathi ,ganapathi wrote whole jaya …..but we didnt get any evidence because on that time there was no any lipi to preserve any books… only shruthi smruthi was way to preserve the books and there was no lipi on that time and by shruthi smruthi only we had preserved our vedas , upanishads etc from long ago and in mahabhartha only vedvyasa said that understanding full mahabhartha is not possible by ganpathi also and one more book was written by vedvyasa after mahabharatha that is BHAGWATHA and in that clearly written that vedvyasa narrated to his son sukhacharya and sukhacharya narrated to king parikshith at the time of parikshit death and last lipi what we had got is that is brahmalipi ……so some people think its written by ganapathi told by vedvyasa and some thing its narrated by vedvyasa to his studentsso now the question begans then how did we got a such a wonderfull history of our sanathana dharmawe have 3 beginning of mahabharata1 st one is vyasa uvacha ( vyasha natrated )2 nd one vaishampayana uvacha ..vaishampayana was student of vyasha3 rd one is sootha puranikha uvachathese r narrted by them uvacha means narration its a sanskrith word this is ur first questions answer for who wrote mahabhartha.when bhagwath geetha was narrating by krishna to arjun in the war zone how could it be reach to writter it is ur second question which u have askedif u noticed in 1 st answer i have wriiten vedvyasa is incarnation of vishnu and krishna was also incarnation of vishnu only that means both krishna vedvyasa r same so there is no need of any loud sound …..because they r oneimportant here is when krishna told bhagwath geeta in kurukshetra it had listened by 3 persons …arjun,hanuman and sanjay alsoSHARE ANSWER TO REACH EVERYONE…IF U LIKECOMMENTS AND EDITS ARE WELCOME…..	The author is the VEDavyAsa. The discussions between KrishNa and Arjuna took place at the war front, but before the war had commenced, Therefore, the question of ‘loud sound’ of war did not arise.	DearPlease don't question on the truth of Mahabharata or bhagwadgita. If you don't believe it.. just forget,	
Do you think that Ashwatthama still exists after being cursed by Sri Krishna	Sauptika Parva: Section 12Vaishampayana said, "Understanding that that weapon was thrown (into the wombs of the Pandava women) by Drona's son of sinful deeds, Hrishikesha, with a cheerful heart, said these words unto him: ‘A certain brahmana of pious vows, beholding Virata's daughter who is now daughter-in-law to Arjuna, while she was at Upaplavya, said, "While the Kuru line will become extinct, a son will be born to thee. This thy son for that reason, will be called by the name of Parikshit." The words of that pious man shall become true: the Pandavas shall have a son called Parikshit. Unto Govinda, that foremost one of the Satvata race, while he was saying these words, Drona's son, filled with wrath, replied, saying, ‘This, O Keshava, that thou sayest from thy partiality for the Pandavas, shall not happen. O thou of eyes like lotus-petals, my words cannot but be fulfilled. Uplifted by me, this weapon of mine shall fall on the foetus that is in the womb of Virata's daughter, upon that foetus which thou, O Krishna, art desirous of protecting.'The holy one said, "The fall of this mighty weapon will not be fruitless. The foetus will die. But being dead, it will live again and have a long life! As regards thyself, all wise men know thee for a coward and a sinful wretch! Always engaged in sinful acts, thou art the slayer of children. For this reason, thou must have to bear the fruit of these thy sins. For 3,000 years thou shalt wander over this earth, without a companion and without being able to talk with anyone. Alone and without anybody by thy side, thou shalt wander through diverse countries, O wretch, thou shalt have no place in the midst of men. The stench of pus and blood shall emanate from thee, and inaccessible forests and dreary moors shall be thy abode! Thou shalt wander over the Earth, O thou of sinful soul, with the weight of all diseases on thee.Of course he is alive  He is also one of the saptarishis. I will also send the link for reference.Anusasana Parva: Section CLalso Nandiswara of huge body, and that pre-eminent one who has the bull for the device on his banner, and those masters of all the worlds, viz., the followers and associates of him called Ganeswara, and those called Saumyas, and called the Rudras, and those called the Yogas, and those that are known as the Bhutas, and the luminaries in the firmament, the Rivers, the sky, the prince of birds (viz., Garuda), all those persons on earth who have become crowned with success in consequence of their penances and who are existing in an immobile or mobile form, the Himavat, all the mountains, the four Oceans, the followers and associates of Bhava who are possessed of prowess equal to that of Bhava himself, the illustrious and ever-victorious Vishnu, and Skanda, and Ambika,--these are the great souls by reciting whose name with restrained senses, one becomes cleansed of all sins. After this I shall recite the names of those foremost Rishis who are known as Manavas. They are Yavakrita, and Raibhya, and Arvavasu, and Paravasu, and Aushija, and Kakshivat, and Vala the son of Angiras. Then comes Kanwa the son of the Rishi Medhatithi, and Varishada. All these are endued with the energy of Brahma and have been spoken of (in the scriptures) as creators of the universe. They have sprung from Rudra and Anala and the Vasus. By reciting their names people obtain great benefits. Indeed, by doing good deeds on earth, people sport in joy in heaven, with the deities. These Rishis are the priests of Indra. They live in the east. That man who, with rapt attention, recites the names of these Rishis, succeeds in ascending to the regions of Indra and obtaining great honours there. Unmachu, Pramchu, Swastyatreya of great energy, Dridhavya, Urdhvavahu, Trinasoma, Angiras, and Agastya of great energy, the son of Mitravaruna,--these seven are the Ritwiks of Yama the king of the dead, and dwell in the southern quarter. Dridheyu and Riteyu, and Pariyadha of great fame, and Ekata, and Dwita, and Trita--the last three endued with splendour like that of the sun,--and Atri's son of righteous soul, viz., the Rishi Saraswata,--these seven who had acted as Ritwiks in the great sacrifice of Varuna--have taken up their abodes in the western quarter. Atri, the illustrious Vasishtha, the great Rishi Kasyapa, Gotama, Bharadwaja, Viswamitra, the son of Kusika, and Richika's fierce son Jamadagni of great energy,--these seven are the Ritwiks of the Lord of treasures and dwell in the northern quarter. There are seven other Rishis that live in all directions without being confined to any particular one. They, it is, who are the inducers of fame and of all this beneficial to men, and they have been sung as the creators of the worlds. Dharma, Kama, Kala, Vasu, Vasuki, Ananta, and Kapila,--these seven are the upholders of the world. Rama, Vyasa, Drona's son Aswatthaman, are the other Rishis (that are regarded as the foremost). These are the great Rishis as distributed into seven groups, each group consisting of seven. They are the creators of that peace and good that men enjoy. the Regents of the several points of the compass. One should turn one's face to that direction in which one of these Rishis live if one wishes to worship himFor more details about Respectable Sage Ashwathama see my previous answers. I have provided multiple links	Sarang Gurao's answer to Where is Ashwatthama now?	
How does Kalidas in Abhijnanasakuntalam depart from the narrative of Shakuntala as it appears in Mahabharat	OK. We would first notify the changes. In Mahabharata, king Dushyanta deliberately disowns Sakuntala as her wife when the latter goes to the court to claim for her legitimate rights. Then, almost in fashion of deus ex machina, the king of gods, Indra, appears and challanges Dushyanta with the truth. The king admits having deliberately lied regarding the fatherhood of Sakuntala's son. He said he did it in fear of social ignominy. Kalidasa in Abhijnana Sakuntalam, makes his Dushyanta not only an innocent character, but also, a votery of love. In Act 2, musing about Sakuntala he declares:deeply loved she is not easy to win;but watching her ways, my heart is consoled;though love has not found fulfillment yet,mutual longing is itself a pleasure.Unfortunately, this intrinsically romantic Dushyanta forgets everything about Sakuntala owing to sage Durvasa's curse on Sakuntala for neglecting the sage. This episode of Durvasa's curse has entirely been a creation of Kalidasa himself. Nothing like that happens in Mahabharata.There are other minor departures as well. Kalidasa attaches much importance to the story of Sakuntala's birth. Throughout the play, he points out being born of sage Viswamitra and 'Apsara' Menoka, Sakuntala is half-human and half-divine. Mahabharata indeed makes a passing reference to the story of Sakuntala's birth but it doesn't dwell much on this issue.Moreover, In Mahabharata, Sakuntala is a strong woman. She argues with Dushyanta when the latter disowns her as his wife. In Abhijnana Sakuntalam, Sakuntala is a epitome of innocence and remains the same throughout. Perhaps, Kalidasa didn't want to take anything away from her pristine nature.	Abhigyana Shakuntapam justifies the narrative and adds the elements of mysticism and the power of curses in his Sanskrit play. In this play, Dushyanta forgets everything about his wife and son because of a curse by Sage Durvasa.Mahabharata, meanwhile has a more prfound story, where the poet challanges the prevailing norms of relationships. Here, Dushyanta forgets Shakuntala because he pretends so. After feeling of guilty strikes him, he accepts his love partner and love child.	
Why did Bhima insult Karna	Thanks for A2A -Bhima said the following thing -“"Seeing him, Karna left his bow and impelled by filial regard bowed down his head still wet with the water of inauguration. And them the charioteer, hurriedly covering his feet with the end of his sheet, addressed Karna crowned with success as his son. And the charioteer embraced Karna and from excess of affection bedewed his head with tears, that head still wet with the water sprinkled over it on account of the coronation as king of Anga. Seeing the charioteer, the Pandava Bhimasena took Karna for a charioteer's son, and said by way of ridicule, 'O son of a charioteer, thou dost not deserve death in fight at the hands of Partha. As befits thy race take thou anon the whip. And, O worst of mortals, surely thou art not worthy to sway the kingdom of Anga, even as a dog doth not deserve the butter placed before the sacrificial fire.'”Ref - Adi Parva: Sambhava Parva: Section CXXXIXYou can see yourself what Bhima said and motive was clearly mention as to ridicule Karna.Now your question why Bhima did that - Mahabharata doesn’t give a clear cut answer.So I will provide my reasoning -Bhima by character was purely very protecting of his family. He can go any extend to protect his family member. Like or not that’s how he was. Now Karna was known to Pandavas from long time.Karna was initially a student of Drona and a friend of Duryodhana. In fact he joined Drona’s school on the ground of his father Adhiratha’s personal relation with Dritarastra.It was written that Karna along with Duryodhana, Dussahana tried numerous way to kill Pandavas.Now the same person has challenged hi brother Arjuna and Bhima’s ridicule should be judged in that context - he was possibly trying to demotivate Karna before any duel between Karna and Arjuna takes place.We don’t see any where else that Bhima is ridiculing some one for just being son of Charioteer - proving he didn’t had any personal grudge against charioteers.On 15th day of Kurushetra war Bhima in fact ridiculed Drona as well for fighting against Khsatriyas as he was the preceptor and supposed to teach.But we don’t see Bhima disrespecting Drona before the Kurushetra war.But on 15th day from beginning Krishna hinted the plan to kill Drona as the foolish Duryodhana divided his army into two part. Bhima understood the plan and started working on it.You can read the details on how Drona was killed on 15th day from any unabridged translation of Mahabharata.So in my understanding Bhima uses ridicule or insult as psychological weapon against them whom he sees as his enemies no matter what his caste or other identities.Technically I do feel that it is a great misconception that Sutas were treated badly and therefore Suta putra was actually an insult. Not at all.Sutas were a mixed caste said to be originated from Bramhin mother and Khsatriya Father.Technically therefore they were the third highest caste and they were allowed to study Vedas as well.Karna’s father Adhiratha belongs Royal lineage of King Anga on whose name the Anga state was named. [Ref - Book IV: Chapter XVIII]Usually they used to take up job of charioteer. The job of charioteer might not be as equal to a King but usually they were very powerful.They used to share a great deal of personal bond with warriors. In fact the highest trust charioteers usually shared with the warrior.It was visible when Sanjaya practically became the eye of Dritaratsra in Kurushetra war. He was the personal messenger of Dritarastra. While giving the detail of war Sanjaya many times calls out Dritarastra’s decision’s as evil he just silent listens.Sanjaya was present in Kurushetra war and played the role of adviser to Kouravas. He was the one who used to remind Karna and others everyday to use Shakti against Arjuna.Krishna shared very goo relation with his charioteer Daruka. On 14th day when Arjuna took a vow to either kill Jaydratha or kill himself, Krishna was immensely worried and he shared his emotion to Daruka on how he feels about thinking about the world bereft of his dearest friend Arjuna.Arjuna asked his dearest friend Krishna to become his charioteer. If the job of charioteer was seen as bad Arjuna wouldn’t have asked Krishna to become his charioteer.Shalya was known for his great skill in chariot driving.Indrasena was shown as close adviser of Yudisthira.Over all a warrior shares his deepest trust and emotions with his charioteer because they were the most closest companion in the midst of battlefields.They ends up playing not only the job of charioteer but also the role of adviser.It was the Sutas who actually spread the great stories because being charioteer, adviser, messengers they knew many secrets which allowed them to write the histories.They were allowed to study weapons - Kecchaka a Suta was commander of Virata. Karna was initially trained by Drona.Technically it makes sense to give weapon training to Sutas for the safety of warriors themselves.Similarly warriors were also used to take training on how to drive chariot - Arjuna as Brihannalla went to become charioteer of prince Uttara. Krishna also became charioteer of Arjuna.So overall Sutas or the job of Charioteer were not considered as inferior or Untouchables.At the same time they were not treated as per equal with people of Royal families - the princes.The commoner and Royal difference was there.I have given this context to highlight that Bhima’s ridicule of Karna was contextual and nothing to do against Sutas in general.	He explained it himself:Section 124 of Bhishma Parva,Bhishma said this when Karna met him with tears, “I know thy prowess in battle, which can with difficulty be borne on earth by foes! I know also thy regard for Brahmanas. thy courage, and thy great attachment to alms-giving! O thou that resemblest a very god, amongst men there is none like thee! For fear of intestine dissensions I always spoke harsh words about thee. In bowmanship, in aiming weapon, in lightness of hand and in strength of weapons, thou art equal to Phalguni (Arjuna) himself, or the high-souled Krishna! O Karna, proceeding to the city of Kasi, alone with thy bow, thou hadst crushed the kings in battle for procuring a bride for the Kuru king! The mighty and invincible king Jarasandha also, ever boastful of his prowess in battle, could not become thy match in fight! Thou art devoted to Brahmanas; thou always fightest fairly! In energy and strength, thou art equal to a child of the celestials and certainly much superior to men. The wrath I cherished against thee is gone.”Karna is the sword in hands of Duryodhana who wants to cut down Pandavas.Bhishma/Krishna can neither blame Kunti for not accepting Karna nor make Karna abandon Duryodhana.Hence, what happens let it happen.	
What was the name of Delhi at the time of Pandavas	Delhi is Hastinapura.Anga is Bihar.Magadha is Bihar.Gandhara is Himachal Pradesh.Panchala is Madhya pradesh.Madra is Chennai.Matsya is Tamil Nadu/Kerala.Sindh is southeast place (Gujrat/Rajasthan)Chedi is near Bundelkhand.	Indraprastha= DelhiHastinapur= South HariyannaMatsya= North east RajasthanPanchala = some section of north uttar pradeshAnga= south east BiharMagadha = BiharMadra = near LahoreSindhu=pakistaan (west Rajasthan)	Earlier as Khandavprastha or Khandav forest; the forest was burned by Pandavas to build the city of Indraprastha or 'The City of Indra'. Today, it is known to be New Delhi.	Delhi is indraprastha	
Why was Dhritarashtra drawn to the game of dice	During and after Rajasuya yagna of Pandavas, Duryodhan was mesmerized by the wealth of Pandavas and their exquisitely built palace of illusions and he was laughed at by Bheem, Nakul, Sahadev and Arjun for mistaking elusive constructions. Duryodhan was very unhappy and burning in jealousy and lost his peace of mind and sleep. Seeing his condition Shakuni, who knew the reason, told him that he would get Duryodhan all the wealth of Pandavas by playing dice . Dhritarashtra had to give his consent and he was coaxed by Shakuni and Duryodhan to agree to the proposal. Dhritarashtra sent Vidur to Indraprashtha to invite Yudhishthir for a friendly game of dice between the cousins. Pandavas came and the game was held at the newly built assembly hall (built to pacify Duryodhan in line of the Indraprashtha assembly hall), and presided over by Dhritarashtra, the king. Dhritarashtra was ever jealous of his younger brother Pandu and his sons as he could not become the king for his blindness and his son not being the eldest and also for the capability and wealth of Pandavas, Dhritarashtra wanted them to be defeated and Duryodhan to get their wealth. He enjoyed every win and as soon as Shakuni put his dice pieces , (durodar) he used to ask “who won”?. Dhritarashtra , sitting in the assembly, enjoyed each defeat of Yudhishthir and loss of his wealth and kingdom. He remained silent at Draupadi's molestation also.	
Why didnt the Pandavas pull out all the arrows from Bhishma s body after the Mahabharata War ended	If Bhishma desired to heal his wounds by allowing the surgeons to pluck his arrows he would have done that when Duryothan ordered his surgeons to do so.He did not want it as he clearly indicated through these words.Excerpteva~Ngate na hIdAnIM vaidyaiH kAryamihAsti me |kShatradharmaprashastAM hi prApto.asmi paramAM gatim || 53||naiSha dharmo mahIpAlAH sharatalpagatasya me |etaireva sharaishchAhaM dagdhavyo.ante narAdhipAH || 54||Then there came unto him some surgeons well trained (in their science) and skilled in plucking out arrows, with all becoming appliances (of their profession). Beholding them, the son of Ganga said unto thy son,--'Let these physicians, after proper respect being paid to them, be dismissed with presents of wealth. Brought to such a plight, what need have I now of physicians? I have won the most laudable and the highest state ordained in Kshatriya observances! Ye kings, lying as I do on a bed of arrows, it is not proper for me to submit now to the treatment of physicians. With these arrows on my body, ye rulers of men, should I be burnt!'--Hearing these words of his, thy son Duryodhana dismissed those physicians, having honoured them as they deserved.Bhishma saidI won the highest state as a kshatrya by fighting war.I followed Kshatriya observances and got into this plight.I did not want to let the physicians heal ..and treat my woundsI should be burnt with these arrows in my bodyBhishma ‘s decisionBhishma wished to have a Kshatriya heaven,the heaven that is graced to one who fights till the end.In a way he already considered himself dead because any one who was shot in all his vital limbs won’t survive at all. Only the boon of Ichha Mrityu death at his will made him stay alive till uttarayan approached.For someone who is aspiring for Kshatriya heaven again to get treatment for himself would not be acceptable.So Bhishma had clarity in thought . He did not want to get back to life and he may be right in his placeI should be burnt by these arrowsBhishma’s statement throws light on his mindset.He who blindly stuck to his oath did fail in his dharma towards others. He must have earned merit for keeping up his word to his father but he did fail miserablyto prevent the injustice done to Pandavas like alloting Khandava prastha,the barren land as their shareto raise his voice against the Dice gameto thwart Dussasan from disrobing Draupadito check Karna’s foul tongue from abusing DraupadiNeedless to say Bhishma did not live up to the expectations of either the Pandavas or of himself.Conscience shows mirrorIf we do wrong our conscience will first show the mirror to us. We may listen to it or not but it speaks.Bhishma’s conscience definitely prevailed over his blind adherence to oath after he fell on the bed of arrows.He can not redeem himself from the sin he incurred by being a mere spectator when the daughter in law of Kurus stood helpless,humiliated and abused.Hence Bhishma chose his path to redemption before reaching his ultimate place.I should be burnt by these arrows….his soul and body admitted with honesty.Krishna blessed BhishmaAfter the war Pandavas visit their grandfather who is about to leave his body. Yudhishtir needed Bhishma’s wise and eloquent discourses on different topics . Bhishma ‘s mind which is clouded due to pain,and fatigue got relieved with Krishna’s graceExcerptBhishma said, 'Burning, stupefaction, fatigue, exhaustion, illness, and pain, through thy grace, O thou of Vrishni's race, have all left me in a single day. O thou of incomparable splendour, all that is past, all that is future, and all that is present, I behold as clearly as a fruit placed in my hands.Bhishma became immortal due to the knowledge he imparted before he left his body. Krishna gifted him that opportunity and good fortune.Pandavas though felt shattered on seeing the suffering endured by their grandfather could not persuade him to get himself treated.Bhishma Who was a yogi at heart practiced yoga and purified himself before getting back to his original form.I bow before the great Bhishma for choosing Arjun to lead him on his final journey…thereby enabling his dearest grandson Arjun to offer him the tribute by making him lie down on his arrow bed and by offering him celestial water to quench his thirst.SourcesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Bhishma parv Ch 117Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Bhishma Parv CXXIISanti Parva LXV	You are missing out the important point that arrows were pierced deeper into his whole body. If anyone tries to pull out the arrows, Bhishma will have to suffer more in the pain.You can think for a while, how one will suffer, if one takes out hook from the feet? So, it was impossible for Pandavas to bring out all those pierced arrows from the body of Bhishma.2ndly, you are again missing the important point that Bhishma died just after Mahabharat war ended. No one was able to pull out those arrows, without hurting Bhishma.Karma fruit is relevant in one’s life. What Bhishma did in his past 74 th birth, resulted in Dwapar Yug. When Bhisma was lying on the arrows and was to die, Sri Krishn along with Pandvas and Draupdi too reached the site, where Bhisma was taking last breath.Lord Sri krishn was sad so he asked Bhishma to explain on the normsof Dharma, because, he was a scholar. Bhishma told Sri Krishn that he was deeply pained and his sense and knowledge were missing, so he would not be able to define anything. Lord Sri Krishn blessed and his pained ended quickly.Sri Krishn now he can explain something on Dharma and politics. He narrated and explained well on Dharma, which is most relevant today. It is in the epic Mahbharat.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram/	His name was Devavrat (देवव्रत),Bhishma was his title given by people, Pitamaha was his calling in latter stages of life because he was grandfather of Kaurava and Pandavas.Devavrat was crown prince of Kaurava empire of Hastinapur. His father was emperor Shantanu and mother Devi Ganga (HUMAN incarnations of river Ganga/Ganges ).One day,Devavrat’s father king Shantanu was on a ride along the bank's of Gangaji,when he saw a most uncommenly beautiful girl and fell in love with her.Her name was Sattyavati , daughter of a Mallah (fisherman ).King Shantanu met the Mallah and told him his willingness to marry Sattyavati. The Mallah agreed, but made certain demands ,with which Shantanu could not agree.Shantanu return to Hastinapur but he couldn't eat and sleep well. He looked all the time sad and sick.Prince Devavrat noticed his father’s condition, enquired with the minister. The minister told him about the incident.What follows is an example of ultimate sacrifice.People who sacrifice a goat or sheep can learn from this, what really sacrifice means.Prince Devavrat went to the Mallah and asked him about his demands,so that he can fulfill that. The Mallah said “O my dear Prince, you are the crown prince (Yuvraj ),hence my daughter’s son can't become king of Hastinapur. I am not happy with this situation, I want Hastinapur’s throne for Sattyavati’s son”. Devavrat replies-I,Devavrat, son of Ganga and king Shantanu take an oath that under any circumstance I will not accept the throne of Hastinapur, and mother Sattyavati’s son will be the next king of Hastinapur, I will see to that my self.The Mallah wasn't still satisfied. He said “Prince Devavrat,I know you are the man of your words, you will never break your promise. But what about your future generations might take their legitimate claims to Hastinapur throne?” Devavrat said,”Yes,who can tell what happens in future?, your concern is right, therefore I have a solution to this problem which will solve it at roots ;-“ Remembering my mother, Guru and God,I, Devavrat here declare that I shall never marry,I take oath of celibacy for my entire life.( नैष्ठीक ब्रह्मचर्य )”Devavrat himself took mother Sattyavati to Hastinapur and arrenged the marriage. When the citizens heard about Prince Devavrat’s oath ,they called him “BHISHMA” .King Shantanu blessed his beloved son with “ICCHA-MARAN' meaning Bhishma could die only when he wanted to.Now,coming to the question at hand, Why didn't Pandavas pulled arrows from Bhishma’s body after the war?The MAHABHARATA war at Kutukshetra was fought in winter time, of course the sun was in dakshinayan(in southern hemisphere). For some religious beliefs Pitamaha wanted to die only in Uttarayan( after spring equinox). Now had they removed arrows from his body,it certainly have caused bleeding and more agony for Pitamaha for long period because he wanted to release his soul from body in Uttarayan only. Besides this reason,for better treatment of his wounds Pandavas might have thought of taking Pitamaha to the palace.The Pitamaha would never allow them to do it because death at war front was more prestigious than dieing at home. Death in a war was thought to take you straight into heaven.	Thanks for the A2A!There are quite a few answers here that tell us that arrows and swords used in wars are specially designed to pull a bit of the flesh also while they come out of the body.Bheeshma’s body was pierced in such a way that two fingers couldn’t fit with ease in between the arrows.Imagine! A Warrior at that age with pieces of his flesh coming off with each arrow! What further cruelty can you subject a man to? So I think the arrows were left in their place and not pulled out by either party in the Kurukshetra war.Peace!	As you know that Bhisma was lying on the bed of arrows . And there were countless arrows pierced in his body.When someone gets hit by bullet at any place of body except heart and brain he or she doesn't begin to feel pain just after hitting. Actual pain is felt when someone tries to remove the bullet. That is just a common sense. There was the same case with Bhisma.Even at that time if pandav would have tried Bhisma would have to go throughout a very enormous pain . As he couldn't die without his own will.And he didn't want to face that pain. Only aim of his life was to see the Hastinapur in safe hands. And it was in the safe hands. So he was left with no desire to live his life anymore. Therefore he chose death rather than choosing that pain. It was all because of his own will.	Thanks for the A2A, Bhishma was a very mighty warrior of the Kurus and was a disciplined Kshatriya. He had suffered innumerable pain throughout his life be it physically or mentally. Bhishma himself wouldn't have allowed the other warriors be it the Pandavas or Kauravas to pull out the innumerable arrows of Arjuna that pierced his body. Bhishma himself refused a pillow for his head to get some support but rather arrows even for his head. It is of no doubt that those arrows all over Bhishma's body were causing pain even after being pierced but removing them would case even more pain. Bhishma did not want to live in luxury in his end days but rather wanted to rest in the bed of arrows before he decided his own time of death.	
Why did Lord Krishna ask Arjuna to pray to Durga Maa before the Kurukshetra war Wasn t Subadhra an incarnation of her	Because, Mata Durga is the symbol of Shakti/Might and she had killed Mahisasur along with his army. Maa Durga also represents the power of Supreme Being that preserves moral order and Dhama in whole cosmos.Though, Lord Sri Krishn is himself Supreme Being God head and he had no need for any support and aid from any quarter. But Mata Durga is somewhere his Yogmaya also and she represents the power of Supreme Lord, so he sent Arjun to go and pray to Maa Durga for her support and blessings for victory in the Mahabaharat war.2nd reason was that Sri Krishn did not want to come to for front side of the war. He wanted to be neutral in the war only aiming to be away from the allegations of siding Arjun. Though, in spite of it,Sri Krishn was blamed for Mahabaharat war and this was the reason that Gandhari the mother of Kaurvas cursed him for killing out of all Yadavas family of Sri Krishn.If anyone is not the devotee of Lord Sri Ram or Krishn, he should take the refuge to Maa Durga for sorting out the problems of one’s life.So, Sri Krishna sent Arjun to pray to Ma Durga for her blessings and weapons for Mahabharat war. Bhagwan Sri Krishn wanted to show the common people that one should be always free from ego and worship Devi Devta too.But for Bhakta, it is Supreme Personality, Lord Vishnu, Sri Ram or Sri Krishn always.xJay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/=Lord wanted to explain that one should worship Mata Durga for the weapons and her blessings in the war.	
Does Lord Krishna always smile Was he ever upset or cried I envision him as Nitish Bharadwaj and his personality in the Mahabharata	Really a meaningfull question it is ….in his full lifetime krishna got only 2 times angry yup u read it right only 2 times its been mentioned in mahabharatha by vedavyasa….The first situation when he get extreme angry is on 10 th day of mahabhartha war in kurukshetra when krishna was driving kapi dhwaja ( arjuns chariot name ) it came infront of bhishma and arjun once again refused to fight with his grandfather bhishma then on that momment KRISHNA got extremly angry and he get down from chariot and took a wheel of chariot and he moved to bhishma to kill him this is first situationThe second situation was after winning the war in kurukshetra yudhistra crowned has new chakradipati all pandavas where happy and on the same day they all sitting and chatting with oneanother on that time krishna got extremely angry for second time this was noticed by yudistira and he asked krishna why he is so uncomfortable on that time krishna told a big gyani of this yuga is going to end is life ( bhishmachari ) and he is sleeping on the arrows and we r sitting and wasting our time and he told this time is very precious because after bhishma there will be no one to guide us and teach us so we all should move towards bhishma and we should get knowledge …then they all went to bhishma and this is the time when bhishma told dharma shastra, vishnu sahasranama ……etc in front of them this is the second and last time when he got extremly angry for last time	
What happened to Subhadra after the Kurukshetra War and Abhimanyu s death	Subhadra stayed in Hastinapur as Yudhishthir became the king after the war. Parikshit was still born but Krishna revived him to life. Other wives of Arjun like Ulupi and Chitrangada came and stayed in Hastinapur after the war. Yudhishthir ruled for 36 years when they got the news of death of Krishna and destruction of Yadavas in infighting. Arjun went to Dwaraka to rescue the women and children of Dwaraka as per Krishna's wish. As Arjun left with them, Dwaraka was submerged under the sea. Arjun lost his power after Krishna's departure and he was extremely sad and upset. He settled the young grandsons of Krishna and other Yadavas and then met Vyasa who advised them to leave the world and go to Swarga. As Pandavas and Draupadi left for Swarga, Ulupi and Chitrangada left for their father's kingdom but Subhadra stayed at Hasinapur with Parikshit and Uttara.	
Did Duryodhana really try to capture Krishna If so why did Balrama still favor him after he disrespected his brother Krishna	Yes, Duryodhana really tried to capture Lord krishna when lord krishna visited hastinapur as a peace messenger. And the reason that Balrama still favoured him because Duryodhana apologised to balrama that he ordered to cease Krishna in his anger and not in his full conscience.	
Which are the best books based on the various characters of Mahabharat	Karna's wife : the outcast's queen by Kavita.2. Raise of Kali by Anand Neelakantan.3. Drupadi by Yarlagadda Lakshmi Prasad. (Telugu language)These are the books which I read and I know so far. Will add more with help of my friend’s suggestions. :PThank you!	1.Palace of IllusionsDraupadis tale2. Karna's wifeIt's about Uruvi, it's also made into a serial in Star plus..3. RashmimathriKarna4. Ajaya: Roll of DiceThe tale of KauravasThanks for reading:)	I have read Palace of Illusions based on Draupadi’s character. It's really an amazing read.	Books which are edited or are comprised under the edition of BORI i.e. Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute should be referred to know about the various characters of Mahabharata.	
What was happening in the continents of Europe Africa the Americas at the time of the Mahabharata	You can reference the Old Testament of the Bible. There were many European Kings and religions. The Bible talked of their Gods as not a real God. Africans had their own religion. For much of the history of this region, the Bible is a sufficient source of information.In America, there were ancient people and not much is known about them. There are huge monuments with structures for chariots to take off. There is also a (man-made— according to the US archaeology) mountain and a palace is believed buried underneath. Who Red Indians were is unknown.	It is tough to figure out the situations of other continents as the sources are not very accurate in dates. But it is said that Hastinapur had trade relations with the Chinese Empire. Also check out the people termed as Mleccha(I may have mispronounced) in the epics as these were the people of kingdoms who did not follow the Vedas.	
What was the duration of Bhagvad Gita narrated to Arjun by Lord Krishna	Exact duration for denouncing whole Bhagvad Gita Gyan tois no where mentioned. One can imagine only the time where Lord Sri Krishn had explained 700 sholoks to his pupil Arjun.You can simply imagine that in one side Pandava army and opposite side is Karuva army standing to fight and in the mid of two armies, it is Sri Krishn -Arjun are standing. When everyone is ready to start war against opposite rivals, Sri Krishn denounced Sri Mad Bhagvad Gita to his pupil Arjun.you are on the battlefield, the two armies facing each other eager to strike. Everyone is agitated and in the midst of this chaos the knowledge of Geeta is being sermonized.Actually recitation of Gita was in form of plain Q & A where Arjuna is clearing his doubts one by one. Arjuna was gifted with concentration abilities (e.g. aiming bird's/fish's eye or his understanding of other martial arts).As I think that when Lord Sri Krishn was narrating Bhagvad Gita to Arjun, he might have frozen the activities of both side armies standing in the battle field.One can imagine only not any it is mentioned that how much time did it take to whole Bhagvad Gita to Arjun? Because, the whole Bhagvad Gita Gyan to Arjun in not possible in some span of times. I think, you will also agree to it.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	Nice question, i too at one point of time had this question, but sadly no-one was able to answer it. So i tried to find out the answer by myself.The holy Bhagavad Gita today contains 700 verse in total. Here is one more thing which i would like to point out that both Shri Krishna and Arjuna was great beings with Krishna being god himself and Arjuna the son of a demi-god. So they were already at higher level of consciousness and awareness. Add to that, the fact that both were from previous era where qualities like morality, dharma, virtuousity and righteousness in humans were more than it is today and also the type of education they use to receive in their childhood was completely vedic and philosophical in nature and not materialistic in nature like we do today. So by this logic, arjuna already had knowledge about most of the tenants of Dharma. Also his highness sage veda vyasa too was a great ascetic and enlightened rishi, who wrote down whole mahabharata of which Bhagavad Gita is the part.So now after clearing the little background, here is my take. As bhagavad gita is more of a dialogue between two person rather than a monologue, so we can consider that even at normal speed, it is possible to speak 5–6 sentences in a minute. So if we do calculations by that logic then 6 Sentence/Min means 700/6 = 116.66 Mins approximately i.e almost 2 hours. But hang on, aren’t they in the battlefield and almost ready to fight and kill each other, so how come they have so much time to talk this much with each other. Here is probable answer for that. Arjuna might have raised questions and Lord Krishna would have answered all of them in short and crisp manner. Whereas Veda Vyasa being a sage would have elaborated meaning of difficult answers and terms in order for ordinary people to understand them as he was writing the epic for general people of society in kaliyuga, and he knew that with advent of kaliyuga people will loss interest and knowledge of Sanatana Dharma. To understand this let’s take an example : 2 modern day astro-physicists while discussing the subject among themselves would use terms such as ‘Einstein-Rosenburg Bridge’, ‘Singularity’, ‘Quantum Equilibrium’, ‘Electromagnetic Spectrum’, ‘Light Year’ etc because both are having same level of knowledge and are comfortable with it. But if i have to record their conversation for future generations whom i am sure about that they will lose all these, then i would replace these complex terms with comparatively simpler explanations so that they can easily understand it.Same might have happened in case of bhagavad gita. Veda-Vyasa might have replaced complex things discussed among Shri Krishna-Arjuna with relatively simpler analogy, thereby increasing the length of the content. Also original Mahabharata written was of only 8800 verses and not 100000+ verses as we have today, so its quite possible that original bhagavad gita was shorter in length as well. But with the passage of time, people and different sages keep adding their known knowledge in it as well and hence 700 verses.So to answer your question, as they both were in between the 2 armies who were waiting for war to start, their discussion must have lasted somewhere between 30–40 minutes max. And as per whole theories spread on internet about Lord Krishna stopping the time and all, it is later interpolation and no-where written, so i don’t believe it. Another question people ask is, then why didn’t Kauravas attacked pandavas when they(Krishna-Arjuna) were talking in the battlefield, so remember that it was a Dharma Yuddha, which means all the protocol and rules were followed in it, and it was rule during those times that before start of war both armies should blow their respective conch to convey the other that they are ready to fight. Only after that the bugle of war is blown. Apart from that, Bhishma and Dronacharya where commanding the mighty kuru armies, so they would have never ordered such unethical attack on them as both of them Highly respected Shri Krishna and deeply loved Arjuna.JSH.	around one hour , please read here Bhagavad_Gita_As_It_Is_2.pdfBhagavad-gita As It Is by A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada in Hindi Bhagavad-gita Yatharupa Yatharup Yatahroop 1980 ORIGINAL UNEDITED.pdfhttp://bhagavad-gita.in/Download...	
Had Draupadi not insulted Duryodhana and Karna earlier her humiliation in the assembly hall would not have happened do you agree	Draupadi never insulted Karna or Duryodhana.Draupadi, during her swayamvar, stating “I shall not wed a suta” is found only in a few renditions. The Bhandarkar Institute of Oriental Research (BORI) which undertook the Mahabharata Project and came up with the BORI CE has completely removed this reference after having studying 1259 manuscripts and finding that most of them don’t mention this and instead state that Karna failed to hit the target. Now even if we assume that Draupadi did say this, consider:What does “Sawayamvar” mean? Self-selection of the groom by the bride.Who is eligible in a royal “swayamvar”? Kshatriya kings. Karna was a king but not kshatriya. While suta is not a low caste, it would have been a pratilom marriage - a marriage between a higher caste girl to a lower caste man. While there were examples of this, the choice of bride dictates this (Yayati-Devyani).Arjuna, got up only after Dhrishtadyumna appealed to the audience “Is there no one here who can meet the challenge and win my sister’s hand?” Arjuna was a kshatriya dresses as brahmana (both equal or higher castes).However, all this is academic discussion. But even if one considers this as a legitimate excuse to molest Draupadi, it is like giving a blanket permit to all males to rape, molest, disfigure any girl who turns them down.Draupadi never insulted Duryodhana (when Duryodhana fell into a pond of water in Mayasabha mistaking it for solid ground). She never uttered the words “A blind man’s son is also blind”. When the incident happened, Draupadi was deep inside the recess of her own quarters. No renowned and acknowledged edition of Mahabharata, repeat none, mentions this. This story is found only in fabricated myths, some films and TV serials.The fact is that the Mahabharata war was destined to happen. It was the intense jealousy/hatred, struggle for power, wanting to own what does not belong to you, and many such vices that led to the war. The Dyuta Sabha events and molestation of Draupadi were only the last nails in the coffin. Do note that Yudhishthira (via Krishna) was willing to forgive and forget everything, all past including Dyuta Sabha, in exchange for just five villages. Duryodhana was so haughty and proud of his own might that he rejected this proposal. Duryodhana, after the Mayasabha incident, told his father “How can a person live peacefully while his enemy prospers?”. Duryodhana often quoted that he cannot live while his cousins also live - it is either them or him.	No, I don't because Draupadi had never insulted Karna in her swayamvara and Duryodhana in Maya sabha. According to BORI version and KMG Mahabharata,Karna was allowed to participate in her swayamvara and he could lift the bow but failed to string it. Draupadi had not told him that 'I won't marry a sutaputra' (son of charioteer) as TV shows have portrayed this episode and 'suta' was not lower caste. 'Suta' was a royal charioteer and they were not poor either. So, it is just a myth that Karna was rejected by Draupadi for his cast. But, if, we have accepted that Draupadi rejected Karna to marry, that doesn't mean Draupadi should be dragged by her hair and disrobed infront of men in assembly hall. I don't know what sort of mentality of these people who ask questions like this.In 'Maya Sabha' , Draupadi hadn't insulted Duryodhana by saying, 'A blind man's son is blind too' as it has been portrayed in BR Chopra's ‘Mahabharata'. Draupadi didn't laugh at him either. When he fell in a pool by mistake, Bhima laughed out loud.So, you can't conceal Karna's and Duryodhana's sin by saying these unethical things. These episodes are not in Vysa's Mahabharata. They are later written by some writers those have no respect in our epics and culture. They only want cheap popularity by creating imaginary and pervert stories and showing Arjuna, Krishna, Draupadi in bad light and portraying villains as heroes.	No because she never insulted them. Draupadi's rejection of Karna has been excluded from the BORI CE of Mahabharat as it was found only in 3–4 manuscripts of Mahabharat out of 1200. And Draupadi laughing on Duryodhan was first showed in a play and popularised by BR chopra's Mahabharat.Now let me tell you why she was actually assaulted, because pulling a half clothed woman into an assembly full of men by her hair while she was in her period, calling her disgusting names, telling her to give these men sexual favors is not mere INSULT but ASSAULT :-Draupadi wielded far more power in her kingdom than the women of her times. In addition to being the Queen and later Empress, she was also the finance minister of Indraprastha. She was also involved in the day to day administration and welfare of people. Perhaps the Kurus who had a history of mistreating women couldn't bear a strong woman and took the chance to show her, her place.Despite making Pandavas slaves they were not satisfied and wanted to hurt them more. But maybe because they were still afraid of Bheema and Arjuna they couldn't directly harm them. So they went for an easy, weaker target, the woman, and harmed the Pandavas through her. It's the same mentality that makes Khap Panchayats order the rape of an offender's sister despite her being innocent.	No I don't Agree ,We need to Understand , What had Actually happened , In the Draupadi’s Swayamvar, She was the princess & She had full right to Choose the Right person & As it was organised in her own Kingdom , She had full Authority To Restrict & prohibit Any prince to take part & Marry her !!! , She too did the same , Though Karna was “ Angha Raja” she Rejected him Stating that he was “ Sutha pitta” I.e Son of Chariator ; If we Think from Her perspective she is Right from Her point of view , As She is A princess of Such Great Kingdom & She too had some Dreams as to how Her husband should Be , She too Had Expected That her Husband should belong to A Good Clan & At this point of Time , Nobody weren't Aware as to Karna belong to “ Kuru Dynasty” and if she was Aware , She would have never Insulted HimAND Coming to the 2nd part of the question :- “ Duryodhana being Insulted by Her”What I Have heard And Read is Panchali was Actually Roaming in The Hall of Indraprasta with her Maids , which was A very big Palace of Mystic Architecture & when Duryodhana Was Walking on The Floor Observed A Glass like Pathway but Was Actually A pathway of Water which just Seemed like Glass & one of the maid of Panchali observed & Laughed at him though Draupadi remained silent & This was Mis- understood by Duryodhana & His Ego was Hurt Badly & Because of the mistake Of The maid , Draupadi Had to meet this Unfortunate Fate !!!In both the Scenario , I Felt Draupadi was Correct in Her sense & Behaved As A Normal human being in Her Position would have Done!!Thank u !!! Hope it's Clear!!!!	Had Draupadi not insulted Duryodhana and have Karna earlier her humiliation during episode would not have happened, do you agree?Actually what happened was exactly the opposite.Draupadi never insulted Duryodhana as “Andhe ka putra Andha” (it is a fantasy, which most of us choose to believe). It is very clear in Vyasa’s Itihasa that Draupadi never spoke those words (while narrating the actual event). In fact, as per Vyasa’s original Itihasa, it is Duryodhana who mentions this to his father, probably to influence him.All critical editions doesn’t mention Draupadi calling Karna as “Suta Putra”. In most of the editions, Karna failed to hit the target.Both these events seem to be later day extrapolations.So, clearly Duryodhana was greedy, Karna had his own axe to grind and Dhritarashtra was ‘blindly’ supporting his son (pun intended). All events happened with no fault of Draupadi.	
How did Ashwatthama get the mani on his forehead	Ashwatthama has born with same valliance as Lord Shiva after sincere prayers from Dronacharya. He was born with the Gem (Mani) on his head. This gem provides him ultimate power.After he tried to kill Parikshit (Son of Abhimanya & Uttara), he was asked to remove the gem and cursed by Lord Krishna to be a chiranjeevi (Immortal). He removed with a great pain and blood will oozing out continuously.It is still said that Ashwatthama comes to a temple in UP in early mornings before anyone else and offer his prayers to Lord Shiva. Many incidences were reported by people claiming to have witnessed Ashwatthama.Ignore my flaws or mistakes.Thanks…	
Who is Indrajit in the Mahabharata	Indrajit also known as Meghanada is son of Ravana and Mandodari. He is crown prince of Lanka kingdom. He is disciple of rakshas guru Shukracharya and conquered Indralok. So acquired the name Indrajit.When Hanuman went to Lanka to search for Sita, he found her in Ashok vatika. After meeting her he destroyed the vatika and set it on fire. When no one could control Hanuma, it was Indrajit who fought, conquered and took Hanuman as a prisoner. Indrajit was an expert in mayavi yudh.He made Lakshmana unconscious in the battle by using mayavi vasavi shakti against him. Lakshmana could be revived only with the help of sanjivani buti found on dronagiri mountain in Himalayas. If not treated with sanjivani Lakshmana was poised to die on sunrise. So Hanuman went to bring it but as he didn't know which is sanjivani buti among all plants he brings whole mountain with him. This saving Lakshmana.He was killed by Lakshmana next day in the battle.	
Who are Karna and Kunti	Dhurvasa Mahamuni has gifted Kunti with Mantra by which she can invoke any god and get baby with their respective traits. She tried to test initially and invoked Sun God. He gifted her KARNA. So, Karna was her first son from SUN GOD. As she was not married at that time she has leave KARNA in river (unable to handle societal pressures).When Kunti married to King Pandu she didn’t convey to him also. King Pandu had a curse that if he had sexual intercourse with any women he will die. Then she conveys that she had a boon from Durvasa Mahamuni. Now, with the permission of her Husband Kunti getsYudhistir (Dharmaraja from Lord Yama Dharmaraj)Bheema (from Lord Vayu)Arjun (from Lord Indra)After this King Pandu requests Kunti to share the mantra with MADRI (the second wife of King Pandu). Kunti does the same. With the help of Ashwini Kumaras, Madri gives birth to Nakul and Sahadev. Later, King Pandu, unable to control his sexual desires had sex with Madri and dies. Madri also dies unable bear the news of her husband death. Kunti alone has taken care of all the five sons. (Except Karna, the eldest son of Kunti).Ignore any flaws.Thanks	Karna was the son of Surya and Kunti, born to Kunti before her marriage with Pandu. Karna was the closest friend of Duryodhana and fought on his behalf against the Pandavas (his brothers) in the Kurukshetra War.The meaning of karma is in the intention the intention behind the action is what matters.-Bhagavad GitaRead More About Hindu Dharma Please Visit Us At:Hinduism in India	Karna is the son of Kunti. She was given a mantra by sage Dhurvasa, impressed by her hospitality towards him, to invoke the god. Kunti uses this mantra to invoke God sun and she was given a baby boy as a gift by God sun. This child is Karna. This incident occurs in Mahabharata before Kunti getting married to king Pandu.	Kunti is Karna’s Mother as explained in the Historical text Mahabharat.	
Is there any moral message in the Mahabharata	The richness of the Indian culture, ideologies and morals are largely borrowed from the teachings of the two major Hindu mythologies, Mahabharata and Ramayana. Out of these, Mahabharata is the longest epic poem ever written in the world and this Sanskrit epic pro-actively narrates the Kurukshetra war fought between the Kauravas and the Pandavas. But in actual, all the happenings in the Mahabharata renders priceless teachings about philosophy and devotion that actually can provide solutions to various problems in our life.In fact, if we have sneak peek at the practical life lessons taught by Mahabharata, then we will able to face obstacles in life with fierce attitude and we can eventually find happiness and peace of mind for ourselves. The deeply philosophical ideas that perpetuate throughout the epic have a lot to teach us about the art of living. To know what teachings of this epic can influence your style of living,we need to take a look at some Important Life Lessons from The Mahabharata that are relevant even today.1. Don’t trust yourself when you are emotionalIn Mahabharata, Pandu, father of the Pandavas, unintentionally killed a sage who came in disguise of a deer. After knowing the truth, Pandu felt immense guilt for the act that he could not control his emotions. He felt regret for his act and decided to leave his throne, palace and kingdom to live in the forest. Pandu was so weak emotionally that he didn’t even care for his people. Then his brother, Dhrithrashtra came to occupy his place as the King of Hastinapur though he was considered misfit and inefficient but was the only option.If at all Pandu had taken some time for his emotions to calm down, then he would have taken a better decision. He could have retained his position as the King and could have thought of other way to punish himself rather than leaving his kingdom with an inefficient option.In real life too, rather than flowing with emotions and taking a decision without logical reasoning, you must take time to let your emotions settle. Then you will be able to find practical solution to any problem without compromising other people’s interests.2. A revengeful instinct can only lead to one's doomMahabharata may revolve around the war of duty. But we cannot escape the fact that the major reason behind the destruction of all was revenge. The Kauravas lost everything to their blinded desire to ruin the Pandavas. The war did not even spare the children, including Draupadi's five sons and Abhimanyu.In real life too we need to understand that anger is killing us first from inside. It's like a punishment we are giving ourselves for other's mistakes. Revenge is short term happiness with long term negative consequences.3. Forgiving Is The Greatest VirtueMahabharata would not have existed, if the characters had forgiven each other and themselves at the first instance itself. If Pandu had forgiven himself for accidentally murdering a sage, if Karan had forgiven Draupadi for humiliating him and if he had forgiven his mother Kunti for abandoning him, if Draupadi had forgiven the Kauravas, etc, then the whole war could have been avoided. They all suffered from immense pain and suffering for a long period of time just because they could not forgive. Though revenge may provide you with relief but then revenge does not distinguish you from the people who have hurt you.Forgive and forget if you want to live life peacefully.4. Being kind, humble and generous is not enough to live life.The way Karna’s and bhisma's life moved, we realised, more often than not, that the world is an evil place to survive in.You need to pace up with life, we must understand how it really works.5. We cannot give up on life despite all hurdlesWho can be a better example for this than Karana? Right from his birth, the 'suta-putra' battled his way through life, fighting discrimination and disgrace at every stage. He almost became a puppet in the hands of fate. But no obstacle could ever deter him from pursuing his goal. And his devotion towards his mother knew no bounds, to the extent that he even gave up his kavajkundal (his life-saving power) on her demand.Hurdles are part of everyone's life. But it's should not stop us from living our life in best possible way.6. Stay Out Of Bad Company. Bad company can ruin your life beyond imagination.One of the main characters responsible for the whole war episode was Shakuni, the uncle of the Kauravas. He always took chance of creating negativity in the minds of the Kauravas against the Pandavas. He played with their minds with his corrupt plans and eventually influenced them to have a war with the Pandavas. But at the end, his propagations and instigations led in complete destruction of the Kauravas.In real life too, we need to stay away from negative people who are great at passing on their negative vibes. If we want to attain success in life and battle fiercely with challenges, then we need to eliminate socialising with negative people as bad company can ruin even the strongest of empires.7. Being too emotional can be a bad idea.Dhritrashtra’s love for his son was blind. Throughout the epic, he remained torn between his principles and keeping his son happy. Somehow this made Duryodhan even more evil than what he already was, leading to awful consequences and the war.Sometimes we make our lives harder by being too emotional about few things. Anything in excess is bad. Be it emotions or anything else.8. Welcome All Challenges In LifeBefore the battle, the Pandavas were compelled to spend 13 years in forest in seclusion. It was in these years that they learnt how to prepare themselves for the war. They met many learned saints, who shared with them important lessons of life that made them kinder, empathetic, brave, intellectually superior and many other gestures that lead their path towards victory. In fact, their victory over the Kaurvas can be highly credited to these 13 years as they were able to get rid of their over confidence and arrogance.Similarly, we must too learn to accept challenges that come in our lives and understand that life is full of ups and downs. We must learn to confidently and tactfully deal with them by learning lessons from people around us.9. Learning throughout life is the best gift you can give yourself, infact the household chores too.Arjun grasped whatever came his way. Not only did he learn the best of military science from Drona, but he was also interested in learning about divine weapons from Indra. He learnt about Pashupatastra from Mahadev as well. Additionally, he treated Yudhishter and Krishna as his mentors too, and continued learning whatever they had to offer.While leading a simple life in the 13 years in exile, Pandavas did not enjoy the luxuries of the palace and lived life like common people. They in fact, learned household chores too and they learned how to enjoy living a simple life. By doing the household work, they learnt how to keep themselves grounded and how to keep their mind at peace even in difficult times.Such skills definitely make your life easy, less stressful and keep you occupied. We learned this from the Pandavas' experience of an exile in the forest.In the same way, you should also learn how to keep your home and workplace clean and tidy so that you start living in an organized way and also learn that no work can be a reason for embarrassment. Every work has its own charm and difficulty level.10. Stand by what's right; even fight for itArjuna was initially hesitant to wage war against his kin. But Krishna reminded him that one has to stand by Dharma (duty), even it meant going against one's own family. Therefore, Arjuna had to fulfill his responsibility as a great warrior of Dharma.We need to fight for right in real life too. Sometimes even if it means standing against our own people.11. You Need To Stand For Yourself.The Pandavas never stopped fighting for what rightfully belonged to them. Their courage and determination is definitely something to admire and learn from.The Pandavas were never disappointed being small in number in comparison to Kauravas. They never accepted failure. They staunchly knew what they deserve and they were ready to fight for themselves. They were brave and determined to keep fighting till they attain what they desire. It was their courageous attitude that they were able to win the battle.You too need to be brave in real life and stand for yourself and your rights. You must not get succumb to abuse or bullying. You must say what is right and must never let yourself get defeated without attempting.12. Sometimes, enemies come in the form of friends.Although the Kauravas were more in number, their supporters were not really in favour of them. Bheeshma, Vidura and Drona secretly admired the Pandavas. Especially Vidura, who was the ultimate guide in everything the Kauravas did.People in real life too, disguise as friends even when they are your enemies by heart. You need to differentiate between the real ones and fake ones.13. Half Knowledge Can Prove DangerousArjun’s son, Abhimanyu knew how to enter into the chakravyuh but he had no knowledge about how to come out. He went into the complex structure of the war field without analysing how to come from there, which eventually led to his death. This is why, having half knowledge about anything can prove dangerous.In our lives too, we sometimes take decisions on the basis of the amount of knowledge we have about that situation. But we tend to ignore the other side of the coin that can have a significant impact on our decision. Therefore, we must take decisions only when we have complete information about it.14. You Need To Be Gentle While Choosing Words.Your words are your weapon. If you mould your tongue smoothly, then you are able to express yourself better and you will master the art of influencing people. But if you have no control on how your tongue twists, then you will end up saying what you actually didn’t even mean. Same happened in case of Draupadi in Mahabharata.During her ‘Swayamwar’, Draupadi rejects Karn on the basis that he was of low caste. While rejecting, her choice of words were so harsh, that Karn had to face humiliation in front of the public, which triggers in him the feeling of revenge. He starts feeling hatred towards her and decides to embarrass her in the same way in front of everyone. After winning a game of gamble against the Pandavas, he takes the opportunity to disgrace their wife, Draupadi in front of the entire court. He and other Kauravas try disrobing her and insult her.In real life too, pain given by words are more harmful than physical pain. That's it's said we need to judge before we speak.15. Never make a woman angry.Or she’ll curse you and destroy you. Draupadi’s anger and desire for revenge led to the war and downfall of the Kuru clan.Women possess a power to destroy world. But she chooses not to. Her compassion is more than men but that doesn't mean she's weak.16. Being a woman does not make you a lesser individual.Yes, Draupadi was manoeuvred into taking five husbands, she was humiliated by the Kauravas for the fault of her own husband. She was violated but she was bold enough to take a stand. She ensured she got justice by vowing to wash her hair with the blood of Duryodhana and Dushanana--perhaps another reason that led to the war.A woman like Draupadi will not be passive, she will be fiery, she will fight for herself.17. You cannot be stopped if you are passionate about what you do.Most of us know that Arjun was the greatest archer in the world. But Eklavya was even better than him. He hid himself behind the trees and grasped everything that Drona taught Arjun. His passion for archery and hunger for knowledge made him even better than Arjun at archery.Obstacles are part of everyone's life but they can't stop you from achieving your goals in life if you are dedicated.18. Never make anyone feel undesirable.Or it'll come back to bite you. Arjun dismissed Urvashi and she cursed him to be a eunuch for a year.Never make fun of others. Or make them feel bad about themselves. Karma says what you sow is what you get.19. Don't be swayed by greedWhat did Yudhishthir win out of greed? On the contrary, he lost everything he possessed--from his kingdom to his wealth. And to gamble away a woman in the pursuit of hubri.In real life too, greed is a never ending desire. You'll never be happy even if one gets fulfilled as other is standing in front of you to be fulfilled. Best way is to have peace with whatever you have and not being greedy.20. Focus On Solutions Not The ProblemsOne of the greatest lessons taught by Mahabharata is that we need to focus on finding solutions to the problems rather than focusing on or creating problems. When Lord Krishna goes to meet the Kauravas and convey them Pandavas’ message that they want to end their dispute in return of five villages, the adamant Kauravas decline the proposal.Kauravas focused on increasing their dispute with Pandavas and eventually invited them for a war as they thought that in front of 100 Kauravas, the 5 Pandavas will surely face an embarrassing defeat. But their egos were shattered when they lost their entire kingdom to the Pandavas in that epic war.So you need to always focus on finding amicable solutions or else you will have to face defeat in real life too.21. Unconditional support and loyal friends can take you places.The Pandavas had Lord Krishna, and the Kauravas had Karna. Both of them always backed the two parties, no matter what.The friendship between Krishna and Arjuna is something all of us look up to. It is perhaps because of Krishna's unconditional support and motivation that the Pandavas managed to survive the war. None of us can forget the epic dice scene where it was Krishna who came to Draupadi's rescue while her husbands gambled her away to disgrace. The friendship between Karna and Duryodhan, on the other hand, is no less inspiring. In fact, Duryodhan was really weak without Karna.We all know the importance of real friends. We should always be thankful to them for being the biggest support in our lives. Since true friends can take you to heights by their constant support and good advice.22. Don’t Take Loyalty & Support Of Your Dear Ones For GrantedThough the Pandavas were five in number, they did not accept failure at any point of time and they were determined to win against the over confident 100 Kauravas. This was because of their unity and faith in one another. Moreover, they had a strong spinal cord in the form of Lord Krishna who showed them the right path to win the war. If all these characters never had belief in one another and didn’t value each other, then the victory could have been impossible. It is said that even a small ant can defeat a mighty elephant.So you need to have faith in yourself and in your near and dear ones who keep motivating you to step higher and higher in life. You should value their importance in your life and must ensure a mutually beneficial relationship.23. You Must Have A Well Planned Strategy To WinIn Mahabharata, the Pandavas recorded their victory due to the full-proof plan prepared by Lord Krishna, their mentor. In fact, Lord Krishna stood by them in all their good and bad times and he was very well aware of the tactics of the Kauravas. He knew that winning the battle against Kauravas is not possible without a great strategy. Similarly, to embark in any of your endeavours or projects, you need to keep yourself armed so that you are capable of reaping benefits of the upcoming opportunities and at the same time, stout heartedly face the threats too.If Pandavas didn’t have Krishna and his master plan, they wouldn’t have witnessed the victory they did.Always have a plan.	Darsh Sanap's answer to What is Mahabharata in your opinion?	Follow Dharma ruthlessly inspite of any obstacles, you will be the winner	
Can we compare the hatred observed between India and Pakistan to hatred between Pandavas and Kauravas in epic Mahabharata	Well in a way yes. You see there few more similarities in it than only hatred.While i, in noway, saying that india is on wrong path or a bad nation because i myself is a proud Indian, but India match more with the Kauravas rather than the pandavas.Initially both Kauravas(India) and Pandavas(Pakistan) were living together in Hastinapur(Pre-Independence Undivided India). Mama Shakuni (British/East India Company) conspired and made both of them each others enemy by means of Lakshagraha (Direct Action Day Riots). Once the difference between Kauravas and Pandavas grew to a point where it was unresovable, elders of family like Gandhi, Nehru, Jinnah decided to do partition of the kingdom. A smaller part of the kingdom called as Khandavprastha was given to Pandavas(Pakistan), Kauravas(India) kept a larger chunk of it. But even after partition, they constantly were at loggerheads with each other which ultimately culminated into a great war(1947,1965,1971,1999).Call it coincidence or what but Hastinapur was largely ruled by only a dynasty, same as that of India after Independence for almost 65 Years. Dhritarashtra tried to made Duryodhana the king of Hastinapur even though duryodhana was incapable of becoming one. Well you can relate this in current scenario of india as well.The good thing is that after the war whole kingdom got united once again under a single rule. So lets hope we have same thing here as well but just that India(Kauravas) doesn’t lose here. :)P.S : Please do not get offended, as i do not mean to hurt people of any nation or religion. I apologise in advance if i did so.	It will be a huge blunder to do so.First thing is that it is not required at all. People have access to information about what goes around the globe to make their own judgement based on fact. Hence portrayal of a current conflict where everybody already knows much more then described in a metaphors. It will be irritating.We already have a complicated situation. There is no need to give it more dimensions. Leave this task to politicians.	I am not an expert on the book. I interpret it differently. The battle at Kurukshetra was one that goes on continuously in our thoughts, with five good thoughts and a hundred evil ones fighting for dominance.	No. I don’t think so.In the case of Pakistan, it is more of revenge in blood thirst. They are not a military. Their logic of operations is police and thieves that are co-operating.	
Which edition of Mahabharata did both M N Dutt and Kisari Mohan Ganguli use for the translation	Thanks for A2AMahabharata translated By M.N. DuttIn this , English translation with Sanskrit text is available.The translation of M.N. Dutt is very lucid and accurate as per the Sanskrit text. It was translated according to that time available text of Kolkata Edition.Mahabharata translated by Kisari Mohan GanguliKisari Mohan Ganguly or KMG’s translation of Vyas’ Mahabharat (published in 1884) is hailed by many as the first English translation of the epic. Its popularity reached the peaks as it is available online.It is free of cost also.KMG admitted Bombay Edition With Nilakantha commentary and Burdwan Edition as his sources.	This is what Sri K.M. Ganguli has to say.I should here observe that in rendering the Mahabharata into English I have derived very little aid from the three Bengali versions that are supposed to have been executed with care. Every one of these is full of inaccuracies and blunders of every description. The Santi in particular which is by far the most difficult of the eighteen Parvas, has been made a mess by the Pundits that attacked it. Hundreds of ridiculos blunders can be pointed out in both the Rajadharma and the Mokshadharma sections. Some of these I have pointed out in footnotes.I cannot lay claim to infallibility. There are verses in the Mahabharata that are exceedingly difficult to construe. I have derived much aid from the great commentator Nilakantha. I know that Nilakantha’s authority is not incapable of being challenged. But when it is remembered that the interpretations given by Nilakantha came down to him from preceptors of olden days, one should think twice before rejecting Nilakantha as a guide.About the readings I have adopted, I should say that as regards the first half of the work, I have generally adhered to the Bengal texts; as regards the latter half, to the printed Bombay editions. Sometimes individual sections, as occuring in the Bengal editions, differ widely, in respect of the order of the verses, from the corresponding ones in the Bombay edition. In such cases I have adhered to the Bengal texts, convinced that the sequence of ideas has been better preserved in the Bengal editions than the Bombay ones.Mahabharata translated by K. M. Ganguli, Translator’s Post-script.I do not have access to M. N. Dutt’s translation.	I don't know these two authored books. But I follow only original Vyasa Mahabharata. Many versions came and some abridged versions too are there. All are just ponds to me when I have a river like, Original Vyasa Mahabharata.No one can interpret exact one meaning to Vyasa words, since he used very powerful chandas.	Kisari Mohan Ganguli, Indian translator known for a complete translation of the Sanskrit epic Mahabharata. Himself explains in the sacred-texts translator’s preface (Adi Parva: Translator's Preface) that he used two different editions of the Mahabharata text, namely,from three Bengali texts and Bombay Editon.Sorry about M.N.Dutt, I am not aware of his work.	M N Dutt and KMG used Northern Recension derivatives - Bombay edition and Burdwan edition for their translation	
Who is Dronacharya in the Mahabharata	Dronacharya was the guru/teacher of the Pandavas and Kauravas. He trained them in the use of weapons. Dronacharya trained Arjun to be the best archer in the world as he planned to use Arjun to avenge the insult that King Drupad had inflicted upon him.Dronacharya fought on the side of the Kauravas in the Kurukshetra war. He dropped his weapons in dejection when he was tricked into believing that his son Ashwattama had died. When he dropped his weapons, Dronacharya was killed by king Drupad's son Drishtadyumna.	
Who would win in wrestling between Bhima the strongest and Karna	The answer for this question is Bheema.On 14th day of the war field Bheema defeated Karna for 4 times and Karna win Bheema while he was help less, weapon less and very tired even though Karna fight and defeated Bheema from back side.Karna never got over power on Bheema in Archery తన how can he beat Jarasandha and Bheema in wrestling.	
Did people know about Ram and Krishna before they were born as we know about the Kalki Avatar	As per my knowledge, Lord Rama is the human incarnation whereas Lord Krishna is God himself. People didn’t know about Lord Rama and Lord Krishna avatars of Maha Vishnu prior to their respective era. Only Sages might have known.After their birth, every one came to know by the virtue of their good work. Lord Rama has doned the role of Human exceedingly well. He is a living example at that time and demonstrated how a man should abide to Dharma and follow the steps of their Guru. If you carefully observe Ramayana, you will find Rama never told anything by himself. Whenever he quotes anything he always tells that “Vedas told the same way or Guru taught him the same”. Such an honest person Rama is. Lord Krishna is completely opposite yet followed Dharma.Thanks	No one except a few knew about Shree Ram being an Avatar, as there was no message of it.No one would also have known but for the AAkashVarrni that Shree Krishna was an Avatar. But still had doubts.No one would also know about Kalki/ Kalik avatar. If you truly think that the name will be the same as in texts, I seriously think that if that is to happen, unless all the spitual books are lost and no spirituality exist, else the name would resemble, but not the same. Kalki avatar is also a hidden Avatar, which will survey the world unless the time comes for him to take action. I would highly doubt the possibilities of him revealing himself to anyone except his other three brothers and those who already know of him.Rather than thinking about this, think about how to know yourself. If you know yourself completely, everything about his kalki incarnation would be clear to you as day’s light.If you truly desire to know, no one apart from yourself can find it out, since the one who is able to know also, become his eyes and are tasked to not reveal about his incarnation.	As for Rama Avatar, Only highly enlightened beings such as Sage Vashishta, Sage Vishwamitra and other were aware about his destined birth. As for demi-gods, very well yes, because they themselves had requested Lord Vishnu to take birth on earth and deliver them from the torment anad trouble of Mighty Ravana, who already had defeated them and captured them.As for Krishna Avatar, yes pretty much everyone knew well in advance about him. Reason is while Vasudev and devaki was getting married, Kansa already had earned himself the title of the tyrrant king. A sage showed up during marriage ceremony and prophesized that the 8th Son of Devaki will kill Kansa and rid the mathura of his burden. So everyone was eagerly awaiting the birth of their ‘Mukti-Data’.But i guess none of them were knowing in so much advance as we do. Because as per puranas, we still have almost 400k+ years to go before arrival of kalki avatar.JSH.	Kalki was an avatar which was mentioned in the religious books,but the avatar of Krishna and Rama was a gift to the world,as it wasn't known by humans in general but some rishis and gods knew as avatar of lord Vishnu is going to be,but didn't knew the name of the avatars….thx	May be yes,Today world has so much of information with proper evidenceses, proofs and documents. So we are believing so.If traya Yug and dwapar Yug people have these kind of resources , definitely they should know before, like how we are believing that this yuga Avtar is Kalki.More over, we never know the exact person. We know that this yuga Avtar is kalaki and we never know how he will born (or was born) :P ,Where he will born (or was born), how he will end this world etc.	Did people know about Ram and Krishna before they were born as we know about the Kalki Avatar?Maharshis knew about Ram and Krishna before they were born. Common people did not have access to scriptures. Now, common people have access to everything.	
What was the name of the five arrows of Bhisma	The story of five arrows for Bhishma - one to kill each Pandava - is completely baseless. It is an interpolation. Bhishma had no wish to kill any of the Pandavas. He declared this openly before the start of the war. Not only he had no wish to kill Pandavas, he was not capable of killing Arjuna. That too he declared himself acknowledging the greater strength of Arjuna. Here are excerpts:Source: Bibek Debroy’s translation of BORI CE Mahabharata, Volume 4, Page 362‘“Duryodhana said, ‘O Gangeya! I have no fear from gods and asuras combined. O mighty armed one! I am telling you this truthfully, not to speak of now, when you are our invincible general and Drona, tiger among men, is stationed, eager to do battle. The two of you, foremost among men, are stationed on my side. Victory will be mine. O foremost among the Kurus! It is certain that even the kingdom of the gods will not be difficult to obtain. O Kourava! But I wish to know the total number of rathas among us and among the enemy and also the atirathas. The grandfather is skilled in knowing about the enemy and about us. With all these other lords of the earth, I wish to hear this.’Bhishma then goes on to describe each and every warrior on both sides, starting with Kauravas. Having described all warriors on Kaurava side, he refrained from praising or even attributing self. (He described Karna as a evil-minded, boastful, vengeful and incomplete warrior not even equal to a rathi - called him ardharatha or half a ratha). Then he started described the Pandavas side. He described Arjuna as follows (BD’s Vol 4, Page 368):Gudakesha’s eyes are red and he has Vasudeva as an aide. O brave one! There is no ratha who is equal to him in either army, nor among gods or earlier danavas, serpents, rakshasas and yakshas, not to speak of men. I have not heard of any ratha who has been, or will be, as accomplished as the intelligent Partha. O great king! Vasudeva is the charioteer and Dhananjaya is the warrior. The bow is the divine Gandiva and the horses have the speed of the wind. The divine armour is impenetrable. The great quivers are inexhaustible. There are the weapons of the great Indra, Rudra, Kubera, Yama and Varuna. His clubs are terrible to see. He has many weapons, with the vajra as the foremost. There were thousands of danavas who lived in Hiranyapura.He slew them on a single chariot. Where is there a ratha like him? He is enraged. He is strong. Truth is his valour. That mighty-armed one can destroy your army, while protecting his own. I can stand up to Dhananjaya, and so can the preceptor. O Indra among kings! But there is no third person, in either army. He will shower down arrows from his chariot, like the cloud at the end of the summer season, when there is a mighty storm. The accomplished Kounteya has Vasudeva as an aide. He is young and skilled. Both of us are aged and exhausted.’”Bhishma concluded as follows:O descendant of the Bharata lineage! As soon as I see them, I shall drive them back. But I will not kill the mighty-armed Shikhandi from Panchala, when I see him with weapons raised, marching against me in battle. The world knows that in order to bring pleasure to my father, I gave up the kingdom that was due to me and adopted a vow of brahmacharya. I instated Chitrangada in the kingdom of the Kouravas and consecrated the infant Vichitravirya as the heir apparent. Among all the kings on the earth, I then became famous as Devavrata. I will never kill someone who has been born as a woman, or someone who has been a woman earlier. O king! You may have heard that Shikhandi was earlier a woman. She was born a woman and became a man later. O descendant of the Bharata lineage! I will not fight with him.O bull among the Bharata lineage! O king! I will kill all the other lords of the earth, whomsoever I encounter on the field of battle, with the exception of the sons of Kunti.’”’There. That should put a rest to this question. There were no five arrows and hence there were no names to them. Always refer to true and renowned sources of Mahabharata and not some internet blogs and old housewives tales. Here are some renowned sources:Bhandarkar Oriental Reseach Insititute’s Critical Edition of Mahabharata (BORI CE)Bibek Debroy’s English Translation of BORI CE, published by PenguinKisari Mohan Ganguli’s English Translation on the public domain Sacred-Texts: Hinduism.Gita Press Mahabharata publications (unabridged as well as abridged).Amar Chitra Katha, 3 Volume, 30 picture books.	The name of five arrows of Bhishma wereHallucination baan-People used to hallucinate about such weapon and write it is regional versionsFiction baan-This became popular fiction with timeComedy baan-Duryodhana could ever be grateful towards Pandavas and give them boon is a comedy which could have killed Arjuna. He would have died laughing reading such a storyInternet rumor baan- Circulating a lot on internet and whenever you try to tell them it is not there someone will give you link on internet.Folk tale baan- A folk tale and the person telling this story will repeat it saying that folk tale are better than Vyasa version. This arrow hits Vyasa in his heart.	None of his five arrows could save him from a eunuch.Shikhandi did defeat Bhisma.Bhisma runs away from SikhandiQuote:In the great battle, the great archer, Shikhandi, angrily advanced against the immensely strong Bhishma and Drona, who were causing this torment. The brave and powerful one grasped a bow that had the sound of a cloud. Shikhandi swiftly showered arrows that shrouded the sun. However, on confronting him, the grandfather of the Bharata lineage remembered that he had been a woman earlier and withdrew from the battle.Analysis: Sikhandi routed Bhisma over here, this was a retreat of Bhisma, he had Drona with him too but Drona did not do anything. Seeing Bhisma repeatedly flee will turn Drona into a road runner also.Source: Bhishma Parva Section 65Bhisma retreats from SikhandiQuote:Shikhandi forcefully approached the grandfather of the Bharatas, asking him to wait. But Bhishma avoided Shikhandi in that battle, remembering Shikhandi’s feminine nature.299 Instead, he angrily attacked the Srinjayas. On seeing maharatha Bhishma, the Srinjayas were delighted.Analysis: I dont care about the vows, if you retreat from your opponent in a war, and that person that is retreating is the general of the army then that man is a coward, he fled from the battlefield. That too when his soldiers needed him the most. Bhisma did not have a good reason because his fleeing did not benefit his army but at-least when Arjuna avoids someone (like bhisma/Drona) then it increases the chances of a Pandava victory.Source: Bhishma Parva Section 82	
Who was the best archer between Arjuna and Eklavya	Arjuna..was the best..of that era. So definitely better than Ekalavya.Ekalavya learnt how to shoot the target with multiple arrows. He practiced that to perfection. May be he developed the skill to shoot the running object which was proved with his attack on the dog.That was not enough to get the tag of a better archer or the best among the lot.There are many other aspects which should be mastered in archery.Shooting in darkArjuna practiced it rigorously at night time. He excelled in fighting at night time.The Kurukshetra war was fought at night time also on 14 th night. One may ask every one fought so what is special?The battlefield got lighted up by thousands of lamps. Still it makes a difference and can not be compared to day time visibility.Yes others also continued to fight but the strike rate of Arjuna will be far higher than others. His arrows will never miss the target ..day or night.Ambidextrous skills.To Shoot with both hands,special practice is required and Arjuna was an accomplished ambidextrous archer who was the only one to get the title savyasachi.Shooting from a distanceArjuna was an expert at this. He shot Bhurisravas on hand from a distance….He sent the head of Jayathrath to Samantha Panchak.He shot Bhishma from quite a distance.Shooting targets which are so nearerSamsaptakas attacked Arjuna,bouncing into his chariot leaving no distance in between. Arjuna shot them with such arrows suited for that situationThe five vidhis Of archeryExclusively Known only to Arjuna and no one else.Shooting the revolving targetArjuna alone won the fish target contest. Proves his panache yet again.Perfect memory reg.the mantras associated with astrasArjuna was the treasure house of astras.He posessed Great memory power and storage capacity..concerning the astras not 1,2…but .countless.I am not referring the astras Arjuna collected….which will leave all other archers lag behind..To sum upI wonder how could any one compare Arjun with Ekalavya !People refuse to give credit to Arjun..Arjun’s passion for archery is unparalelled.He is a continuous learner who is an inspiration to later generations .Ekalavya mostly would have become a good archer but not the best or better.How many students of Drona got the idea to practice at night? Or to use both hands?There lies the answer.My SourcesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionUnabridged Sanskrit versions of MahabharatKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation.	Before comparing Ekalvya and Arjuna, many facts should be considered .LikeWhen Ekalvya's gurudakshina incident happened, Ekalvaya was around 20 year's and Arjun was just 10 year's . Example : We are comparing knowledge of a 5th standand boy(Arjun) with a engineering student (Ekalavya)Ekalvya's gurudakshina incident is hyped story. An archer without his thumb can also become expert.Example ::As you can see in pictures, there is less use of right thumb for right handed archer and vice-versa for lefties.So Ekalvya's failure was due to his lack of confidence and not because of his thumb donation.Why didn't Ekalvya do penance and impress Lord Shiva or other dieties to get back his thumb ????Example ::Arjun done penance and impressed Lord Shiva and got all destructive weapons.Jayadhratha, Amba, Gandhari, Barbareek and many others did penance and got their respective boons, but Ekalvya failed because of his lack of confidence and self determination.Why didn't Ekalvya was not able to become savyasachi as Arjun??????Why didn't Ekalvya was able to get Divyastra??????Above reason's shows that Ekalvya was a failed person ( Ekalvya was talented but couldn't handle pressure and failed in self confidence and self determination )Also we should take into consideration that ekalavya became an expert marksman from a higher elevation. That is shown in the story. That is because of his tribes practice of ambushing travelers(bandits).	The kind of being best is different.Arjuna is a Best Student.Ekalavya is a Best Learner.A Learner cannot be a Student without a Teacher, Arjuna had one but Ekalavya idolized his Will Power as his Teacher.TIME CHOOSES THE BEST.AT THAT TIME, ARJUNA IS BETTER THAN EKALAVYA.Because he obtained his education from a teacher as per the norms of Kshatriya.IF YOU DONT CONSIDER TIME, EKALAVYA IS BETTER THAN ARJUNA.Because he obtained his education from will power against all odds during Dwapara Yuga.	I am sure it is Arjuna. Ekalavya’ s skill was shown during Arjun’ s studentship. Arjun had not completed his studies at that time. Just because of a certain incident we can not say that Ekalavya was greater than Arjun. Greatness of a warrior is not only in his skill of using a weapon but in decision making and purpose of using the skill also. Ekalavya’s story indicates that he was very poor in decision making. He didn’t know when and where to use his skill. So Arjun was greater than Ekalavya.	
Who was the director of The Mahabharata	Lord KrishnaYes this man my Best Friend Forever	
If I shoot myself thinking of Krishna will I go to Krishna	There is a difference between thinking and remembering.Krishna tells in the Gita that at the time of death, anyone who leaves the body while remembering the Lord will reach Him, and there is no doubt about this.anta-kale ca mam evasmaran muktva kalevaramyah prayati sa mad-bhavamyati nasty atra samsayah . . . Gita 8.5To be able to remember him at that time we must practice his remembrance throughout our lives. That is why there are so many practices which establish this ‘Constant remembrance’ or ‘nirantar smaran’ of God.People are named after Gods because, if they forget to remember him at the time of death, they call their near and dear ones who are named after Him, in the hope that they will at least call his name.And if you truly remember Him, you cannot shoot yourself.	No, we cannot cheat krishna like that, because one has not practiced to think and remember krsna, at time of death one will remember the thing what is most dear and loving to him, when we dont have developed relationship and servitorship with him and also out of frustration of life instead of accepting challenges and serving him, we want a easy escape by doing suicide, we will never go to krishna, because we will not develop service attitude and love for him when we do suicide and krishna himself dont want us to do suicide, so better live your life, whatever problems are coming in life is our own reactions for sinful actions we have created, even if u commit suicide still in next body u get you have to get reactions of karma u have done	No where.. you will be without a gross body till the time you were destined to be in this body.Sucide is a sin. If you destroy the body that was given to you then you don’t deserve a body.Secondly if you are truly thinking of Krishna then you will never shoot your self. Thinking of Krishna means thinking about His teachings and instructions also; which are clear.. do not commit sucide	If I shoot myself remembering Krishna, will I go to Krishna?Yes..	No. You'll die. And please don't kill yourself.	
Why the Hastinapur and Yadava kingdoms didnt attack Kansa when he locked Devaki and Vasudev in jail	There's no reason to believe that Bhishma i.e Hastinapura senapati would try to stop Kamsa, It's not Kshatriya’s Dharma, to go around the world killing all the evildoers. The dharma of a Kshatriya’s involves within your own kingdom, and possibly going outside your kingdom to enforce Dharma if war is justified by Vedic law in a particular situations/circumstance. Dharma is same for all right?Kamsa is born to killed by Krishna i.e  Lord Vishnu’s reincarnation.Krishna’s Born:The  time when mother Earth was unable to bear the sins and cruelty committed by evil kings and rulers. Mother Earth prayed to Lord Brahma(the Creator), to relieve her from those sinful kings. Lord Brahma requested to Lord Vishnu for reincarnation and to relieve the Mother Earth from these evil rulers’Source:The story of Lord Krishna’s birth - Times of India	
When was the fight between Hanuman and Arjun	According to Mahabharat there was a meeting between Hanuman and Bhim when Bhim was on his way in search of sougandhika flower. Hanuman after revealing his identity blessed Bhim and promised that he would be present on the flag (dhwaj) of Arjun through out the war. He fulfilled his promise. There are no narrations of fighting between Arjun and Hanuman at any point of time. This may be a fabricated story. Nowadays, some writers are writing fictions based on mythological characters. It should be read only as a fiction, but should not be compared with original texts. Without knowing/narrating the facts, if we spread these fictions, the coming generations could believe that these fictions are original versions.	
Why did the Pandavas not share any other wife apart from Draupadi	When Arjuna brought Draupadi to home, he stood at the door and called her mother to come and see what he brought.Kunti said whatever you brought share it equally with your brothers.When she came out and saw Draupadi she was shocked.After consulting Krishna, he said to Kunti, “ If Draupadi is married only to Arjuna, and we pretend that this never happened, the world will call you a LIAR. Your sons are called as Disobedient to their mother's order. Furthermore, Draupadi will be called as a Women who brought such disgrace to the family she was wed to.”Then, Draupadi stood up and said, “ What if I obey the order of my mother-in-law and marry all her 5 sons as she has decreed?”Krishna replied,“ Then neither Pandavas nor their mother shall be blamed for anything. But, you maybe frowned upon by the society. Your decision shall be tested by Time. Why do you want to do this?”Draupadi said,“ In a family, if all are going to be suffered, but someone can take away all the suffering upon herself then it is a proper course of action. If this is Dharma, I shall face the consequences.”Krishna was amazed by her choice. He gave her boon that for her only this shall be Dharma and acceptable.In Kshatriyas, one woman marrying 5 men is very much uncommon.	Pandavas didn't share Draupadi. But it was Draupadi who accepted the arrangement put before her by none other than Kunti. Please don't just go by the popular version of sharing alms earned by Pandavas among them. It may be too naive accept it.Draupadi had her distinct personality. Rather woman characters in Mahabharat are very strong women who had defied their male relatives with their own judgements and reasoning. It was acceptance of Draupadi to accept five siblings who were unique in their respective fields. Draupadi was common thread to bind them togather. Kunti and sage Vyas played crucial roles in all these happenings. And foresight of these old could bring the desired results.Please don't forget that women of Mahabharat had used their discretion. Rukmini had eloped with Shri Krishna. Subhadra had husband of her choice. Kunti used her boon for herself and Madri for getting offsprings . Shikhandi was rebirth of devastated woman to have her revange in her own way. And you may find many such woman in that era.So to conclude, it is discretion of women who exercised it. Other women in life of Pandavas just chose to live life as it came to them.	Their inter-se agreement did not mention it :PJokes apart, the choice of marrying all of them was as much of Draupadi as it was the wish of others. Draupadi was a very strong character, one who could hold her own and have her wits despite not being in the best of conditions. She was draped in a single piece of cloth, abused and dragged into a court full of people and definitely broken by the fact that her husband staked her, lost her and had no one to stand for her. She was ok with her husbands marrying maybe cause she would spend exclusive time with each of her husbands.	Hi,Draupadi does penance in her previous birth and pleased God Shiva. When God Shiva appeared she asked that she wanted to marry someone with best qualities (These qualities are there in pandavas viz.. Strongest , One with Best Archery Skills, One who always speaks Truth, Most handsome , Cleverest etc..there are few other qualities too..)God Shiva granted her wish but before granting he did explain it to her that it’s very difficult to find such a person , Draupadi didn’t listen and Insisted and hence as a result she got married to 5 different men who had all the qualities she desired but not in the same janma when she did the penance but in the next Janma.However please note that only Arjuna wins her thru Swayamwara but when Pandavas return to their Camp and tell Kunti that they had bought a gift for her she instantly says “I don’t need anything , whatever it is , please divide it among 5 of you”During those days following Mother’s orders were of prime importance and hence Draupadi becomes wife to all 5 of them.This is how her boon materializes & this is the reason only Draupadi is common wife among pandavas and none other wives!!Strange is this samsara in which we live & strange are the ways thru which we get the fruits of our Karma!P.S: Draupadi also receives a boon that she gets back her virginity on regular basis. I’m not sure in detail about this but yes she does receive a boon regarding Virginity so that there isn’t any social issue or any other issue for that matter regarding a woman being wife for 5 different men. Please don’t use the word “shared” doesn’t sound good.	Mahabharat is an Epic called the 5th Veda, its purpose is to teach us the principles of Dharma, help us understand the values of our social customs and practices as well as educate us on the important values of Itihas, Parampara , Khandaan and Sanskar. In this context many events may have been exaggerated to help us understand the many important principles of Hindu Thought and way of life.it is interesting to recognise the many coincidences associated, for examples, Drauapdi’s boon was facilitated by Pandu’s desire and realised through Kent’s boon. To elaborate this=====Draupadi in a previous life had penanced for a husband with the best of five virtues, her boon was granted, but she was told that the five attributes she sought could not be found in equal measure in any single man and therefore she would have to marry five men concurrently.Panda was childless and Kunti had a received a mantra as a boon, this mantra allowed her to summon any celestial being/God and the summoned being/god would be bound to provide her with a son with his best virtue. Kunti decided to share this mantra with another wife of Pandu and the two woman together bore five sons who each coincidentally had one best attribute that met Pandu’s desire and these matched the attribute based on Draupadi’s boon.Very artfully, the writers of the Epic, were able to match, Draupadi’s boon with Pandu’s desire and Kunti’s boon.Without going into the details of these attributes, it might suffice to say, that the circumstances related to Draupadi’s marriage to five men was justified as it was based on realisation of a boon she was granted in her previous life. The other women who married the Pandavas did not have any boons or karma associated circumstances and therefore they were not married to all of the Pandavas.	
How would Pandava have been completed the vows taken after the dice game if their proposal for peace was accepted by Kaurav	Great question. Similar question was asked by Bhima to Lord Krishna during the meeting of various allies of pandavas, when they were discussing next course of action after pandavas successfully completes their exile and 1 year of anonymity. While everybody else suggested to declare war on hastinapur and take indraprastha by force(win it in the war), Lord Krishna suggested that as a measure of peace they should first send peace proposal to hastinapur. Hearing him, Bhima got agitated and replied. Following is the conversation between them :Lord Krishna : Mujhe lagta hain ki hume shanti ke dwaar band nahi karne chahiye. Shanti ka prastav lekar kisi doot ko hastinapur bheje. (I think we should not close the door to peace. We should send a ambassador to hastinapur with peace proposal)Bhima : (In a loud and very angry tone) Yeh aap kya keh rahe hain vasudev !!!!! Agar aap shanti prastav lekar gaye toh fir meri us pratigya ka kya hoga jo maine Duryodhan aur Dusshasan ke vishay mein kar rakhi hain. (What are you saying O Vasudev !!!!! If you will go with peace proposal, what would happen to my vow which i have made about Duryodhana and Dusshasana ?)Lord Krishna : (In rebuking tone) Kya tumhari pratigya manav kalyan se jyada mahatvapurna hain bhima ? Kya tumhari pratigya un shavo ka bojh utha payegi jo is yudh mein girege ? Agar aapki pratigya ke mulya par hume shanti milti hain toh yeh shanti bahot sasti mili samjho. Yaha kisi sadharan yudh ki baat nahi ho rahi hain, is yudha mein toh itne shav girege ki unhe ginna asambhava ho jayega. ( IS your vow more important than welfare of mankind, O Bhima ? Would your vow be able to bear the burden of all those corpses that will fall in this great war ? If we get peace at the cost of your vow, then think that we got it at very affordable price. We are not talking about any ordinary war here. So many corposes will fall in this war that it would be utterly impossible to even count them)He then goes ahead and make eye contact with everyone while all of them lower their gaze. then he proclaims :Lord Krishna : Toh sarvasammati se hum yeh nirnaya le rahe hain ki hum pehle shanti doot hastinapur bhejenge . (So with common agreement, we have decided that we will sent to hastinapur a ‘Shanti Doot’).This is very beautifully shown in the episode 61 of B.R.Chopra’s Mahabharat. Check the below video. The actual discussion starts at 24:00 minutes till 33:23 minutes time in the video, so you can skip the rest of it and go directly at 24:00. Bhima ask about his vow at 32:15 onwards.So i guess same would have happened to the vows of other pandavas as well.JSH.Edit 1 : Added the url of the actual episode. And a small correction in the details.	
If there was a duel between Arjun from Mahabharata and Lakshman from Ramayana who would emerge victorious	Whatever happened to Arjun - Hanuman duel, the same will happen if Arjun & Lakshman will fight. Arjuna will put his best effort with Krishna’s name and Lakshman on the other side with Ram’s name.Climax: Narayana will appear in front of them giving them piece of advice once again :)	
Why did Pandava proposed peace with Kaurav through Krishna as mediator prior the Kurukshetra War while the purpose of their birth was the establishment of dharma which seems to be impossible without destruction of	The war between the Kauravas and the Pandavas looks inevitable, but Krishna makes a last attempt for peace.As far as Lord Krishna supporting a war is concerned, Lord Krishna knew that war always causes destruction of life and many other resources, so saying this he supported this war isn't right. Lord Krishna went as shanti doot to hastinapur and presented proposals so that peaceful solution can be found to which Duryodhana refused.However this war was the only option left to establish Dharma. Hence Mahabharat took place and Lord Krishna did what was necessary and was to be done.It's mention in Mahabharata,Udogya ParvaLord Krishna Instructs the Assembly of Kings. With the permission of King Yudhisthira, Lord Krishna set out for Hastinapura. He took with Him the messages from the Pandavas.Before leaving he had words with Yudhisthira, Arjuna and Draupadi.Krishna to Yudhisthira and Arjuna, “I will go to the court of Hastinapur for the sake of both of you. Though I know how it will end, I will talk in favor of peace, for you two’s satisfaction.”“Satyaki, kindly prepare my chariot for my journey to Hastinapur. Get all my weapons and my conch too. Though I go in favor of peace, it’s hard to expect the same from Duryodhana and Uncle Saguni.” – Krishna said to Satyaki.Krishna then went to the chambers of Draupathi.“Draupathi, I am leaving for Hastinapur. Favoring peace.”- said Krishna.“O Madhava! Krishna! Is the womanhood of this earth not worth for being respected and be treated with honor? If you go in favor of peace, then how will this world and Duryodhana will know how to respect women? I know that your smile and talks can change even the minds of Mother Nature. Duryodhana is nothing for you.”- Draupathi spoke with distress.Krishna smiled - “Draupathi, worry not. War is inevitable. Trust in Duryodhana and Uncle Saguni, in this case, than in your husbands. They will make it happen, no matter what.”Meanwhile, on Satyaki’s command, his deputies prepared Krishna’s chariot swiftly. The chariot was decorated with fragrant filled flowers and precious gems. The golden flag staff was furnished and was bearing the flag of the King of birds, Garuda. The four famous steeds of Krishna that swift quicker than light and air – Saivya, Sugriva, Meghapushpa and Valahaka were attached to the chariot. The steeds were covered in golden ornaments and studded with gems and pearls. The celestial chariot appeared divine and magnificent with Krishna on it.Krishna bid farewell to the Pandavas and started for Hastinapur.Krishna now decides to make one last effort at peace. He will go to Hastinapura and appeal for peace.Krishna at this point of time realized that everyone is now convinced that war is the only option available including Yudhistir.To make Duryodhan appear to be completely unreasonable and thereby gain moral high ground of having been forced into the war by this unreasonableness Krishna asks for 5 villages.Duryodhana who is super confident having Bhishma, Drona, Karna, Kripa and a bigger army than Pandavas convinces Dhritarashtra that he will go for war but will not forgo half of the kingdom.This incident make us learn that when one’s mind is filled with ego, jealousy, hatred and greed; one loses his/her sense of discrimination and brings destruction surely to oneself and sometimes the whole family or the race as seen in Mahabharata. Lord Krishna has said in the Bhagvad Gita, when the ‘dharma’ (righteousness) declines; I manifest again and again to uplift the good and destroy the evil. The above story illustrates how Lord Krishna showed His divinity when dharma was at stake.	
Where can I read the full text of Shishupalas criticism of Krishna online Most retellings of Mahabharata seem to omit the details	
Were the Romans involved in the Mahabharata War since it was the war of the entire planet	Mahabharata predates Rome as a Empire and as a civilization. Mahabharata mentions names of several kingdoms which during of course of time and editing might have been updated by authors trying to accommodate their kings and dynasties ( for pleasing their Kings ) during their times.We certainly don’t have the earliest version or the verbally transmitted version of Mahabharata. Mahabharata is edited numerous times even as late as early Gupta empire ( 400 AD).Having set the context, it was written that all know kings on the planet except Rukmi( he was rejected by both sides) and Balarama( Balarama couldn’t take Kaurava side opposite to Krishna), all eligible soldiers( men above certain age mostly having male children) participated in the war.Geography : Similar to description world Geography in Ramayana by Sugriva, Vidhura enlightens Drutarastra, the Emperor with geography of the earth.Different people have interpreted and mapped kingdoms, islands mentioned by Vidhura in different ways.Some map Madra desa(Shailya’s Kingdom) is Spain( may be because Shailya description matches enormous white male) some say its north Tazak or uzbec regionSome map Praghjyotisha pura is North Afgan and Xinxiang region but here some people mapped it east of indraprasta( which might be wrong, as it is part of Arjuna’s conquest to the North).Some map Matsya desa to north east India.Some say Krouncha Dweepa is AmericasYavanas( Indo greeks), Pandhyas, Kalingas, Andhras, Telingas, Dandakas and some others were also mentioned but I think most of them added post 3 century BC to reflect Contemporary India at that time( when some edits are made to Mahabharata either additions or updates).Yes, Mahabharata claims that war was participated by all known kingdoms in the world. Probably ancestors of Romans might have participated with their civilization represented with a different name of that time.	Thanks for A2A.Mahabharata was not the war of the entire planet.The main participants of Mahabharata war was Kuru Kingdom and Panchala Kingdom.The kingdoms of fiver rivers - western kingdoms such as Sindhu, Souvira, Sivi, Madra, Balhika, Khamboja, Trigarta, Gandhara etc joined Kouravas along side eastern Kingdoms such as Anga, Vanga, Poundra, Kalinga etc.Chedi, Matsya, Kashi, Kunti Kingdom sided with Pandavas along side southern nations such as Pandyan Kingdom.Magadha primarily joined Pandavas but some of their family joined Kouravas.Kekeya Kingdom and Dwarka supported both (Krishna’s Narayani sena and Kritavarma joined Kouravas where as Krishna, Satyaki and his sons and one akshouhini army joined Pandavas).Apart from that Yavanas, Nishadas and many other tribes mentioned to be participated in war.The mention of Rome comes in Sahadeva’s conquest during Rajasuya Sacrifice where he goes at southern directions.It sounds very illogical unless the word Rome refers to any other kingdom. It’s debatable but Roman didn’t participated in Kurushetra war.There is a nice map shared by Aditi Banerjee in twitter.This map is almost correct and you can find the all major participants of Mahabharata war.It is highly possible that people of Central Asia or xinjiang area of china some how influenced the events. Many scholar believes Balhikas belongs to Bactria or central asian countries.Arjuna’s conquests to northern directions till Uttara Kurus in another interesting topic.Given the people of Uttara Kurus given Arjuna many jewels, dresses etc it must be very prosperous kingdom. Therefore it is very unlikely to be placed some where near Himalaya and Tibet.The following map is of Kushan empire and obviously represent a very later stage of 100 AD than Mahabharata era.But it gives the geographical proximity of central asia and xinjiang area with other regions.Image Source - Google.comThis map has uncanny resemblance with the areas falls under Arjuna’s northern conquest during Rajasuya sacrifice. Obviously this all are speculations and debatable. But it is possible that they had contributed in minor way.	No. The Mahabharata War has been dated at anything from 5500 BC to 950 BC. All these dates predate the foundation of Rome. Also, the war did not involve the entire planet, more like the entire world known at the time, which will roughly be the Indian subcontinent.Map of the two alliances in the Mahabharata War	This was long before Alexander the Great (who was Greek). So Rome wasn’t even founded yet (or at the most was just a village).But Greeks (known in ancient India as “Yavanas”, a word probably derived from Ionians) were probably involved. Look up King Bhagadatta of Prajotisha who fought on the side of the Kauravas; he is stated as leader of Yavanas, as well as Cinas (probably Chinese).	
What are the folklores created to support Arjuna in Mahabharata	Thank you for the A2A.I assume you’re asking what stuff has been ‘made up’ and added later, or interpolated, to make Arjuna look good, in the epic Mahabharata.Well first of all, Vyasa named his original creation ‘Jaya’, meaning victory, which is another name for Arjuna. Every parva, or section, of the epic begins with a salutation to Goddess Saraswati, Nara and Narayana, Nara meaning Arjuna. The epic describes how sage Vaisampayana, who was a disciple of Vyasa, is telling Arjuna’s great grandson Janamejaya the story of the great war and all the genealogies involved. So the epic was always a story about Arjuna and his exploits, as told to his great grandson who didn’t know him. Arjuna is the protagonist of the story, the man who makes things move, action happen and results deliver.Made up stories are added for minor characters that are mostly out of limelight and need a grandiose event or gesture to make their own mark, the presence of protagonist notwithstanding. Folklores are added to attach a person or place to an existing story to increase the importance of the attached person or place. So local deities or old personages are ‘linked’ to the epics to increase or even validate their importance. So it’s far more likely to come across local folktales that speak of Arjuna resting in this place or that while on his journey, or marrying a local princess arrested by her beauty or impressed with her courage, than of folktales added simply to support Arjuna, because he’s already the protagonist and best friend to God who is also hailed as the best warrior of his era. He doesn’t need supportive folktales.Another reason why much stuff was added to the Mahabharata later was during the Bhakti movement, to add instances extolling Krishna. These instances did nothing to support Arjuna; in fact if anything they reduced the importance of everyone else including Arjuna to make Krishna look omnipotent. An example is the folklore that Krishna hid the sun to give Arjuna time to draw Jayadratha out and kill him on the 14th day of the war. Much additions were made to the text by Bhargava Brahmins, too, but they only added stuff to make Brahmins look good and important. Nothing to do with Arjuna.Local storytellers and poets twisted the story through the ages to increase the importance of their favorite character, or to impart a moral tale, but Arjuna was never the recepient of these largesses. An example is the vilification of Draupadi, to keep the women under control. It was added later that Draupadi refused to let Karna participate in her swayamvara, or that she insulted Duryodhana by laughing at him and calling him the blind son of a blind man, to show that she brought misfortune upon herself and her husbands and became the cause of war! This was then used as a cautionary tale for women. But again nothing to do with Arjuna. Another example is the folktale regarding Krishna’s intense regard and respect for Karna, and the latter’s donating his golden teeth with his dying breath to Krishna, added later to glorify Karna’s character. Again nothing to do with Arjuna, except to make people think that he was unable to kill Karna outright and needed Krishna’s help.So most of the folktales added later either glorify a character or vilify another, but their target is always someone else, not the protagonist Arjuna, who didn’t need glorification because the actual text of Vyasa glorified him.	
Why did Drona refuse to impart education to Eklavya	Eklavya belonged to the kingdom of Magadha, ruled by Jarasandha. It was a power center in its own right and the enemy of Hastinapur. Drona drew his salary from Hastinapur and his loyalty lay with the Kurus. He was one of the foremost teachers of the time, and all his students went on to become powerful warriors. As such, giving away the secrets of his knowledge to someone from a known enemy state would’ve been disloyalty and unethical. Further, Eklavya was a Nishada prince. The students of Drona were Kshatriyas and Sutas. So not only was Eklavya of the wrong kingdom, but also of the wrong caste. He could very well have been a spy sent by Jarasandha, thinking that nobody would suspect a Nishada boy of anything. Hence he turned Eklavya away.Eklavya was a talented lad. Despite being refused, he spied on Drona teaching his disciples and practiced the skills on his own. Once Drona came to know about it, he realized that his knowledge could now be used by someone in Magadha, possibly against the Kurus, in the future. So he asked for Eklavya’s thumb, thinking that this would prevent him from using and teaching his stolen knowledge to others in Magadha. A teenage Arjuna probably felt Drona did it for him, but I’m sure an adult and mature Drona thought far ahead in terms of consequences, both for himself and his son and Hastinapur. And indeed, the talented Eklavya overcame his handicap later and joined the Magadha army under Jarasandha. But Drona’s farsightedness and quick thinking didn’t let him be a huge threat that he could’ve been. So under the guise of keeping his promise to his favorite student, Drona actually took a political decision.	The main reason is that Ekalavya was from the SHUDRA community and Acharya DRONA taught only to Brahmins and Kshatriya community people!!!That was also the reason why Acharya DRONA refused to teach KARNA as he was also in the same community.	He was from another kingdom, Drona did taught low caste people like Karna(at least the basics), but the reason to not teach Eklavya was that he didn’t belong to Hastinapura, so he turned him away.	
Why dont we have archeological evidence of Mahabharata war when we have plenty of evidence from contemporary Egyptian Pharos from same time	There is a great debate about whether there is any historical accuracy in the story of Mahabharata. ‘Did it really happen?Let’s find some answers…1 The Underwater DiscoveriesMarine archaeology has also been utilized in India off the coast of the ancient port city of Dwaraka in Gujarat, uncovering further evidence in support of statements in the Vedic scriptures. An entire submerged city at Dvaraka, the ancient port city of Lord Krishna with its massive fort walls, piers, warfs and jetty has been found in the ocean as described in the Mahabharata and other Vedic literatures.2 Records of the Bharat-DynastyIt is mentioned in Aadiparva, Adhyaya 62 that the records of the Bharat-Dynasty are recorded in the Mahabharata. A number of dynasties with their long lineage of kings (more than 50 from Manu) have been presented in the work. If it were just fiction, 4-5 kings would have sufficed to build the story on.3 Present cities from MahbaharataAll places mentioned in Mahabharata are real places, all are identified as real places. For instance, Hastinapur is in UP. Indraprastha is the present day Delhi. Dwarka is located in Gujarat coast. Moreover, Mahabharata cities are not limited to present day India because Mahabharata referred Indian subcontinent as Bharata. For example, Gandhar could be present day Kandhar.4 The Gregorian CalendarNot a surprise, but surely very interesting to note that the Gregorian Calendar indeed vouches for the Kurukshetra War to have taken place, as it states the beginning of Kali Yuga. Per the Calendar, the event occurred on February 18, 3102 BCE at 2:27:30 AM. Both, the Eastern and Western culture have accepted this date and time to have been the beginning of Kali Yuga and, also the death of Lord Krishna5 Lineage of Shri KrishnaThe Greek historian Megasthenes has stated that Chandragupta Maurya was the 138 King in the lineage of Shri Krishna. This means that Shri Krishna did exist in the bygone era and that Mahabharat did really occur.6 Mahabharata is written in versesIt is ridiculous to say that these texts are fiction, because of its poetic nature. It was a custom to write everything (even Mathematical formulae) in poetic form.7 Astronomical referencesThe Udyoga Parva of Mahabharata narrates that, just before the War, Lord Krishna went to Hastinapur in the month of Kartika on the day when moon was at the asterism Revati. On His way to Hastinapur, Krishna took rest for a day at a place called Brikasthala, and on that day the moon was at the asterism Bharani. The day on which Duryodhana turned down all the efforts of Krishna and made the war inevitable, the moon was resting at the asterism Pushya.8 Similarity between Ramayana and MahabharataThe dynasties recorded in the Ramayan and the Mahabharat concur without a difference. Even the relations between different kings and their dynasties in both the great "epics" match with each other. If both were mere "epics" written by two entirely different at two different times, why would everything match even upto minor details? Mahabharat is of a later date than the Ramayan. Why would the author of the Mahabharat borrow the same ideas and characters as those of the author of Ramayana?9 Ancient cities described in the MahabharathaMore than thirty-five sites in North India have yielded archaeological evidence and have been identified as ancient cities described in the Mahabharatha. Copper utensils, iron, seals, gold & silver ornaments, terracotta discs and painted grey ware pottery have all been found in these sites. Scientific dating of these artifacts corresponds to the non-aryan-invasion model of Indian antiquity.10 Unrecorded history factorMaurya, Gupta and Indo-Greek dynasties, are also recorded in our Puraanas. These dynasties are accepted only because they are also recorded by Greek historians. What about the dynasties that existed before the Greek historians?	
Why did Arjun go to Krishna and not Yudhishthira for asking help for the Mahabharata war	Yudhishtira himself wanted Arjuna to seek Krishna’s help. Both Kauravas and Pandavas were looking for alliance in war.Arjuna was equally wise and was skilled in words. Arjuna has also mastered wisdom and vedas. Yuddhishir still was bound to his perfect character of Dharmaraj but Arjuna was not. Yuddhishir loved Arjuna the most. In war when yuddhishir was wounded by Karna and Dronacharya, he scolded only Arjuna because yuddhishir was aware that Arjuna is best warrior and can match even Bhishmapitamah.Why Krishna’s help?Though Yuddhishir was master of all wisdom, he never countered cunningness with cleverness. He gave his word and character top priority.Yuddhishir could not protest to Kunti when she asked Pandavas to share whatever(Draupadi) has brought with themselves. Draupadi was only married to Arjuna and though she herself was joint incarnation of 5 Godess, yuddhishir should have objected. It shows that Yuddhishir, to obey his elder destroyed Draupadi’s life.Yuddhishir was aware how Shakuni’s magic dice made up of his father's bone is tricking them but he let him loose everything including his wife. He asked Arjuna and Bheem to obey the rules made before game and let his own wife assaulted in publicDespite being most skilled Spear fighter, he was no match to any Supreme warrior like Karna, Arjuna, Drona or Bhishmapitamah. Yuddhishir was powerful like panther but against these tigers, he was simply helpless.Draupadi respected Yuddhishir but loved her least. She loved Arjuna the most,Arjuna was wise and most powerful. He was most Nobel and most handsom too. Yudhishtira was just lucky to have her his wife. Yuddhishir, despite being wise, was helpless against Kauravas tactics and required rescue from Arjuna or Bheema. His actions during Kunti’s decision of sharing Draupadi as wife or during dice game has ensured Draupadi to loose any love for yuddhishir.Though Arjuna needed Krishna in his alliance, he also seeked his ‘Nar Narayan’ companion which existed in each yuga. Arjuna neeed real guide and not Yudhishtira who was helpless.	I think the question is why Arjun, instead of Yudhishthir, went to Krishna for help.Krishna was Arjun's best friend and Krishna proclaimed few times that he could not live without Arjun. Therefore, Arjun going to Krishna for assistance would have much more impact on Krishna than Yudhishthir.Now the scene in Dwaraka when both Arjun and Duryodhan reached almost in same time and we're told that Krishna was fast asleep in his room. Duryodhan goes to Krishna's room and sits on a royal chair kept by the head side of the bed. Arjun enters and stands humbly at the foot side of the bed. Krishna opens his eyes and sees Arjun first. Krishna asks both of them their purpose of coming. Duryodhan said that he entered the room first and he should get the first option of asking for help. Krishna told that Arjun is younger and he must get the first chance. Then Krishna offered the options of one Akshauhini of Narayani sena or an unarmed nonfighting Krishna. Arjun opts for Krishna as he knows the importance of Krishna and victory is where Krishna is.	Why would he GO to Yudishtira for asking for help with Yudishtira’s war? Arjuna went ON BEHALF OF Yudishtira TO Krishna to seek help for war. It was NOT Arjuna’s war, even though they won it, in main owing to Arjuna and Bheema’s prowess, neither was going to sit on the throne.	
What are some incredible and loving pastimes of Lord Krishna	i am not so much qualified to tell you pastimes of krishna which is beyond our mundane thoughts and emotions, each of his pastime has deep meaning and if we take it as a source of entertainment or sense gratification, we will never understand it instead we will think that krishna is ordinary boy like us who have girlfriends relation like youth boy and girl and we may become envious how krishna can have so many wives and we may think that krishna lifted govardhan hill, it cannot be possible that means its a mythologybetter if you want to know pastimes of krishna please read “Krsna, the supreme personality of godhead” by AC Bhaktivedanta Swami, in this book you will get clear and proper understanding of each and every pastimes of lord krishna	every pastime of Lord Krishna is incredible and Loving because name KRISHNA means all attractive and perfect being in everything so whatever He does will be incredible , loving, charming etc. , yes it is surely told:CHANT as much as possible daily and start with 108 timesHARE KRISHNA HARE KRISHNA KRISHNA KRISHNA HARE HARE ,HARE RAMA HARE RAMA RAM RAM HARE HAREand be happy forever and if possible please read thisBhagavad_Gita_As_It_Is_2.pdfBhagavad-gita As It Is by A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada in Hindi Bhagavad-gita Yatharupa Yatharup Yatahroop 1980 ORIGINAL UNEDITED.pdfhttp://bhagavad-gita.in/Download...	
Where can I get the most accurate Mahabharata by Rishi Ved Vyas and Ramayana by Rishi Valmiki	The Ramayana is less interpolated as compared to Mahabharata. You can buy both from Gita Press, Gorakhpur. They will be Hindi only.If you wish the most accurate version of Mahabharata then you can buy the 10 volume English Translation by Bibek Debroy who used the Critial Edition by Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute, Pune (BORI CE) as the source. The BORI CE is believed to be closest to the original Mahabharata because it has removed quite a few interpolations by comparing 1259 manuscripts.	You can get original Valmiki Ramayan and Mahabharat publishes from Gita Press, Gorakhpur, UP (India). Though, Ramayan and Mahabharat publishes from somewhere Gujrat, Mumbai and Banglore also.But I would recommend Valmiki Ramayan and Mahabharat by Ved Vyas will be more authentic and it is original too. If you are living outside India, you can get it by parcel or VPP too. Simply, even in the country, you make a call and they will send it to your address.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram/	Only at Gita press, Gorakhpur.In Telugu we have option of partial Mahabharata & complete Ramayana from Arsha Publishers.	
How was Krishna and Balrama s relationship From what I ve known Krishna respected Balaram since he was his older brother	Balarama was glorified by KrishnaAs the elder brother of Krishna, Balarama was the object of His love and respect. Once when walking in the forest of Vrindavana, Krishna observed the trees bending down as if paying obeisances. He glorified the lotus feet of Balarama as being the object of devotion even for the demigods. He said that the trees, which were impersonalists in previous life times, witnessing the personal form of Balarama were now praying for His devotion. At other times when Balarama would get tired by playing, He would lie down the lap of one of the cowherd boys and Krishna would personally massage His feet, fan Him and give Him service. Such was the sweet reciprocation of love between Krishna and Balarama.The splendor of Lord Balarama's transcendental form eclipses many millions of glistening rising moons, and the slightest scent of His boundless strength is sufficient to destroy many armies of demons. Although He knows the supernatural power of His younger brother, Krishna, still, out of love for Him, He never leaves Krishna alone in the forest even for a moment. Balarama is Sri Krishna's dearest friend and is a great reservoir of the nectar mellows of many kinds of transcendental pastimes.When Lord Balarama entered the assembly, understanding Him to be the Supreme Personality of Godhead, all present rose to offer Him respect even lord krishna.Despite the recognition of their mutual godhood, Balarama's popularity has never equalled that of Krishna. Balarama is constantly serving his brother in every respect in each of his incarnations and manifestations.Going back to childhood Krishna and Balram together played havoc amongst the local people by their pranks in collusion with all the little cowherds. Krishna played the flute so very well that the young women would leave off their work and run to the banks of the river Yamuna where he would be grazing his cows and playing his flute.As very young boys they would steal fresh butter from the churning pot of homes and when confronted deny having taken it! When Yashoda Maiyya asked him to open his mouth she would see the whole world in it and she would suddenly become conscious of the true identity of her son, but would soon forget it as was ordained by Krishna.As the brothers grew up all the young women of the town would run up to where Krishna was playing the flute — leaving their chores unfinished and-dance with the cowherds, thereby getting scolded by their mothers and mothers-in-law.Krishna-Balarama relation also has an undercurrent of tension and envy. Balarama being elder is the ‘Karta’, but Krishna by virtue of his superior acumen and wisdom is the ‘real-Karta’. There is also undercurrent of rivalry between Rukmini and Revati – the sister-in-laws of a joint family. The Revati-Subhadra tension i.e. the tension between ‘Bhabi’ and ‘Nanad’ is another aspect of the eternal drama of a typical Indian joint family. Ghatothkacha-Abhimanyu relation turns for better with a common mission. But their relation with Lakshmana has nothing redeeming in it. Two brothers forming a group against another, is a very familiar scenario in any typical Indian joint family.Image Source: Google Images:-) #AlwaysBelieve	Balrama was short tempered in nature according to Hindu epics. We can find Krishna giving directions to Balrama often though he was younger to Balrama. If you read Hindu epics you can often find Balrama losing his temper in different circumstances and Krishna making him calm. So one way Krishna was like a mentor to Balrama.But you can take it in one other manner. If you are keen with your thinking, you can notice Krishna being dominating Balrama who was not that intelligent or diplomatic like Krishna. Every time Balrama presented his opinion first but Krishna overturned it by his diplomatic approach and intelligence and Balrama was unaware how he lost his point.In these two different approach to their relationship I am leaving it to you to select what is right and what is wrong.But one thing I want to put forward is that I actually think that Balrama respected Krishna more than Krishna respected Balrama after all Krishna was Vishnu's incarnation and Balrama represented the Sheshnag. Balrama somewhere knew that he was short tempered therefore he respected Krishna's opinion. You can hardly see any instance in which Balrama overturning Krishna’s opinion. Balrama somehow represents a normal human being. Whatever comes to his mind he used to say it and if he feel angry he used to show it without waiting for anything.But I always used to wonder what was the role of Balrama in Hindu epics. Other than being the elder brother of Krishna and the teacher of Bhima and Duryodhana he doesn't seem to have any other his own story to tell.	
What is Ramayan if Mahabharata is considered as a mirror of human life	RAMAYAN teaches us the true moral principals of ideal human life and inspite of any situation in life , we must try to maintain our devotion and love for GOD KRISHNA AND RAMA , and follow always the path of the virtues and dharma. examples from Ramayan are:LORD RAM only has one wife and no other illicit connections with anybody else.Vibishana the brother of ravana joined the Lord Ram because he understood that ravana was foolishly trying to take wife of Lord RAM , as Sita is mother of everyone but ravana wanted to enjoy separate from Lord RAM. which only led him to his own distruction.	Ramayana teaches you how to live your life whereas the Mahabharata teaches you how not to live it.Both professional and personal	I remember reading somewhere that the Ramayana depicts the spirit of India (Bharata) and Mahabharata portrays people’s life.It actually makes sense. Sorry I can’t remember who said so - I was probably in class 4. Might be Chakravarty Raja Gopalachary.	Ramayana and Mahabharata are two greatest historical epic which was lived many years ago. In both the epics Lord Vishnu takes the incarnation as Ram and Vasudev Krishna respectively. But both of them has different outlooks. Yes, Mahabharata is considered as the mirror of human life. Mahabharata portrays the evil of human mindset. It reflects what human should not commit in one's life. It displays jealously, feeling of revenge, greed, to disrobe the chastity of woman. Therefore, if one commit all these things the circumstances may lead to situations such as kurukshetra war.But in Ramayana, values of human life are more highlighted. To obey one's parents, respect elders, love your siblings, follow the path of truth and righteousness. And pledges and promises are meant to be fulfilled. Ramayana is the perfect example to live human life. It inhibits the qualities of goodness and purity.	Yes Mahabharata is considered a mirror of life whereas Ramanaya portrays the ideals of loukika life.rama though an avatara of lord vishnu he abided by all the rules of human life being a king he is anwerable to all his subjects after hearing the small words spoken by a washerman about the purity of his queen Sita though she had proved her purity by facing agniparikshe before coming back to ayodha he sacrifices her with a great pain though he loves his wife greatly he considers his duties as a king are the first priority but there is another face to this issue according to that Rama sacrificed his queen not because her questionable character but because her unknown parentage since varnashrma was very strictly followed in tretayuga Sita's unknown parentage led to the question of her caste since she had adorn the throne with Rama her caste would have posed a big question .	Ramayana can be considered as the mirror of character of human beings.	
Arjun opposed on attacking the unarmed Karan who was fixing his chariot to which Krishna reminded him of the helpless Draupadi during cheer haran Is it okay to wrong someone who wronged you	Arjun did not do anything wrong.When Karna asks for time Arjun hesitates so Krishna berates Karna that he doesn't deserve time or ethical treatment because he was never ethical in his life, and he counts his every sin to prove it.Karna hangs his head in shame then picks up his bow and arrow and starts attacking Arjun fiercely. He manages to overwhelm Arjun who swoons. Karna then decides to make another attempt at removing the chariot wheel.Arjun recovers and fires a warning shot to break Karna's chariot flag which falls in front of Karna.Karna doesnt bother and keeps up his chariot pulling activityThen Krishna tells arjun to not waste any time think of Abhimanyu and Draupadi and get his head.Arjun does the needful.Just two days prior Arjun single handedly fought the entire Kourava army standing on the ground when his horses were tired after chasing Jayadrath. Did he ask for time like Karna no he kept fighting and won the day by killing Jayadrath..When Karna died both his arms were intact his bow was perfectly fine and within reach, he had sufficient arrows He was conscious and also warned verbally as well as through an arrow that cut his flag staff. He had capable chariot driver (Shalya) and chariots following behind he could use.Either Karna should have fought back or surrendered. Arjun did what any warrior would do rather what any warrior should do under the circumstanceIt was like a batsman asking on a world cup final half-hour break because his shoe is torn, so that he can stitch it back . Does he need a shoe to win the match, no he needs the bat and both the bat and his arms are alright. He can easily get a spare shoe or even play barefeet or even get a runner. However no one would tell the bowler to wait for half hour	Karna was making excuse, as his memory was fading due to curse. If he wonted he could have continued with fighting. Knowingly Arjun won't harm him, if he is disarmed. He made excuse of pulling chariot wheel to waste the day.Though, Krishna told Arjun he is not worthy for kindness. It's time to finish his story.Nothing Wrong.All Glories to Parth & Parthsarthi.	
Who was the son of Kunti	Dhurvasa Mahamuni has gifted Kunti with Mantra by which she can invoke any god and get baby with their respective traits. She tried to test initially and invoked Sun God. He gifted her KARNA. So, Karna was her first son from SUN GOD. As she was not married at that time she has leave KARNA in river (unable to handle societal pressures).When Kunti married to King Pandu she didn’t convey to him also. King Pandu had a curse that if he had sexual intercourse with any women he will die. Then she conveys that she had a boon from Durvasa Mahamuni. Now, with the permission of her Husband Kunti getsYudhistir (Dharmaraja from Lord Yama Dharmaraj)Bheema (from Lord Vayu)Arjun (from Lord Indra)After this King Pandu requests Kunti to share the mantra with MADRI (the second wife of King Pandu). Kunti does the same. With the help of Ashwini Kumaras, Madri gives birth to Nakul and Sahadev. Later, King Pandu, unable to control his sexual desires had sex with Madri and dies. Madri also dies unable bear the news of her husband death. Kunti alone has taken care of all the five sons. (Except Karna, the eldest son of Kunti).Ignore any flaws.Thanks	Impressed by Kunti’s hospitality towards sage Dhurvasa, he gives her a Mantra to invoke Gods. She first tries it to invoke God sun, and Karn is his son. This occurs before Kunti’s marriage so she had to leave Karn in the river with a basket. Karn is her first son.King Pandu, was cursed by a sage hence Kunti uses this mantra again. Yudhistir from God Dharma, Bheem from God Pawan and finally Arjuna from God Indra.Nakul and Sahadev are the sons of Madiri.	Kunti had 4 sons - by invoking Gods by narrating Mantra given to her by sage Durvasa. First was Karna by God Sun when she was not married. Then she was married to king Pandu who can not father children. Second was by God Dharma, then Bhim by God Pawan, and Arjun by God Indra.	The respective sons of Kunti or Pritha are Karna from Surya Dev, Yudhisthir from Dharmraaj, Arjun from Indra Dev and Bheem from Vaayu Dev.	Karn, yudhishthir, Bhim and Arjun	
Why did Satyaki fight from the Pandavas side	The Yadavas were a large ruling family who traced their lineage back to king Yadu. But amongst themselves they were divided on the basis of clans and spread all over India. And there was no cohesion and a lot of infighting amongst the Yadavas like in every other Royal family (Krishna killing Shishupala, Kamsa overthrowing Ugrasena etc. etc.) The Yadavas did have a few powerful kings who were respected across clans, but the clan leaders mostly made their own decisionsDuring the Kurukshetra war, one of the top Yadava leaders Balarama desists from battle and asks the Yadavas to remain neutral. The other top-leader Krishna is however a close relative of both Arjuna and Duryodhana and is asked for help by both. As the story goes, Krishna offers either himself bearing no weapons or an entire division of his fearsome Narayani Sena consisting of around 200,000 warriors on chariots, horses, elephants and foot.Duryodhana chooses the Narayani Sena. It is a common misconception that the entire Yadava army fought for the Kauravas. But actually, many clans remained neutral while the Narayani army joined the Kauravas and Krishna loyalists joined the Pandavas. Shakuni rebukes Duryodhana for his foolishness saying “Krishna himself is worth several armies,” Over here Shakuni is not making some metaphorical statement. Being an important Yadava leader who has often played kingmaker, Krishna IS worth several armies. Knowing Krishna has choosen the Pandavas, Sahadeva the son of Jarasandha and the Yadava clans of Drishtaketu and Satyaki join the Pandava army with one division each. If only Duryodhana had done this math he would have seen that 600,000>200,000 instead of 200,000>1. But then, his frigging name is bad-judgement.Satyaki is the cousin of Abhimanyu making him Krishna’s nephew. He is the second highest class of warrior (Atirathi) and is a student of the Pandava hero Arjuna (who is also Abhimanyu’s father). As he was extremely close to both Krishna and the Pandavas, and had the freedom to choose- he joined their side. Also, though I believe this is not an important reason- being on the Pandava side also gave him the chance to go after a family foe- Bhurisrava, who was fighting for the Kauravas.	
What would have happened if Pandavas made no effort to break into Chakravyuh but merely maintained a solid defence	They would have lost the war that very day or they would have lost most of their army. Although there are people who say that Abhimanyu had done the same destruction that day, I have to tell you that all that destruction of Abhimanyu was because of a blessing of Chandra Dev, without that blessing he was defeated by Karna, Bhagadatta, Bhishma and Drona in spite of attacking them in group.That blessing could only be fulfilled when Abhimanyu will enter the Chakravyuha, so if he does not enter the Chakravyuha there is no such destruction on that day. But he also had Brahma's armor and a celestial bow called Raudra that Balarama gave him.If Abhimanyu did not enter the Chakravyuha and the Pandavas would only defend, it is likely that almost the entire Pandavian army would have died that day or killed Yudhisthira, which means that they would end the war	No defence is good enough for Chakravyuh. The only way to save your army from destruction is to penetrate the Chakravyuh head on. If you look at the formation carefully, The overall circular structure is both a defence and offence masterpiece. The shields helps in securing the soldiers to your left or right and with the javelin you can do as much damage as possible.	
Why didn t Drona fight Drupad himself and capture him when even a young Arjun was able to do it without any Army	After reading one of the answers I would definitely want to answer this question. I refuse to alott share where it is not due. And why Arjuna was solely credited with the victory..that I would elaborate first.Bori Critical Edition though skipped the whole battle description,did tell who won Drupada. It is Partha. No share can be given to either the Kauravas who lost the war along with Karna…or to other Pandavas..My reasons.Bori verse that left no scope for ambiguity or confusion.Kauravas and Pandavas went to capture Drupada but the winner is one and only Arjun.Partha won Ahichatra not others. If there is a share for other brothers the verse would have mentioned so.Unabridged versions elaborately described the war and the winner.As per Gita Press,KMG and Southern versionsKauravas with Karna first attacked Drupada and were defeated by the king.Yudhishtir did not participate in the war. Bhima fought the war but did not tackle any prominent warrior including Drupad.Satyajit’s defeatOnly Arjuna fought the war in real sense.This was how he defeated Satyajit,the prominent warrior of PanchalaOn seeing Arjuna rushing at the king of Panchala to seize him, Satyajit of great prowess rushed at him.And the two warriors, approaching each other for combat, began to grind each other's ranks.Then Arjuna with great force pierced Satyajit with ten keen shafts at which feat the spectators were all amazed.But Satyajit, without losing any time, assailed Arjuna with a hundred shafts.Then that mighty car-warrior, Arjuna, endued with remarkable lightness of motion, thus covered by that shower of arrows, rubbed his bow-string to increase the force and velocity of his shafts.Then cutting in twain Satyajit’s bow, Arjuna rushed at the king of the Panchalas, Drupad.but Satyajit, quickly taking up a tougher bow, pierced with his arrows Partha, his chariot, charioteer, and horses.Arjuna, thus assailed in battle by Satyajit,pierced him with a number of arrows his horses, flags, bow, clenched (left) fist, charioteer, and the attendant at his back.Then Satyajit, finding his bows repeatedly cut in twain and his horses slain, desisted from the fight.Thus Arjuna overpowered Satyajit and defeated him. That time Arjuna was a young prince,who fought his first major battle in Panchal.Did Arjun alone win over Drupada? What did Bori say?Bori versionExcerptahichChatraM cha viShayaM droNaH samabhipadyata || 17||evaM rAjannahichChatrA purI janapadAyutA |yudhi nirjitya pArthena droNAya pratipAditA || 18||In this manner Ahichatra with its cities was conquered by Partha and offered for the sake of Drona.Arjuna alone was mentioned as the victor who conquered Ahichatra and offered that to Drona.For,he was the one who actually defeated Drupada .Fight with Drupada as per Unabridged versionsDrupada showered numerous arrows on ArjunaArjuna cut his bow, threw the flagstaff down,pierced Drupada’s horses and charioteerThen Arjuna jumped into the chariot of Drupada and fearlessly seized him.Drona’s wish got fulfilled due to Arjuna’s fearless exhibition of valour. Point to be noted that was the first battle fought by Arjuna in his lifetime.Bhima fought with soldiers.Excerptarjuna uvAcha. saMbandhI kuruvIrANAM drupado rAjasattamaH.mA vadhIstadbalaM bhIma gurudAnaM pradIyatAm.. 1-148-66Arjuna prevented Bhima from slaying soldiers of Drupada . He said they got Drupada whom their preceptor wanted ,so they should stay away from causing loss to their army and capital.Hence What Bhima did in War was crystal clear.Why didn’t Drona fight by himself?It is not about who scores over whom….between Drupada and Drona.It is about the clash of egos.Drupada thought Drona tried to take advantage of an innocent boy’s childhood promise..He must have thought why should he share his kingdom with Drona …Drona was hurt at the attitude of his friend who failed to honour friendship due to his power and status.Drona aimed at Drupada’s humiliation not in his hands but in the hands of a much younger desciple of him.Drona ‘s ace student got his wish fulfilled.The message was conveyed ..So Drupada learntThat the Brahmin Who was his accomplice is not a mere brahmin..standing helplessly before him.He is the super trainer who can create even superior power that can annihilate Drupada’s kingdom and his identity as the king. Arjuna… Yes It was young Arjuna who brought this realisation to king Drupada.Drona thus prevailed over Drupada not by fighting the war himself but by making his young desciple win over Drupada.It is his way of saying “ To teach you a lesson,to make you realise my power,my desciple is enough ..”FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Adi ParvaKisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationAdi Parva CXLSouthern Recension Mahabharat Kumbhakonam EditionAdi Parva Chapter 148	There are two versions: one being BORI and the other KMG/Gitapress. People now are confused because both tell a different story. But I want to clear this misconception.As per BORI too Arjuna won Panchala for Drona. The direct narrative states Drona ordered all his students to capture Drupad and they did the job. But the other section has that Arjuna won Achitpura for Drona. while in Drishdyuman birth story Sons of Pandu won Drupad.Arjuna had promised to Drona that he would do his task even before their education began. Drona, before he started teaching asked a promise but no one spoke a word. Arjuna stood up and promised that he will do whatever asked. Drona became happy.Having accepted them, Drona called all of them together and told them privately, when they were seated at his feet, “O unblemished ones! There is a special task in my heart. You must promise me that you will give it to me when you have become skilled in the use of arms.” O Lord! When they heard him, the Kouravas remained silent. But Arjuna, the scorcher of enemies, gave him a complete promise and he then inhaled the scent of Arjuna’s forehead repeatedly, embracing him delightedly and shedding tears of joy.So, we can conclude from BORI too possibilitiesFirst both went together and they tried in groups. Kauravas failed and Pandavas won. This part will reconcile with KMG and Gitapress.They attacked from two fronts while one front was handled by Drupad commanders other was handled by him and his trusted generals. Kauravas were on other front and Pandavas penetrated the main front and captured Drupad.Now as per KMG kauravas and their army was routed by drupad and then later five Pandavas alone captured Drupad. the other version you are using says Kauravas returned wailing and five Pandavas tried in next part. so it was now five vs army. however BORI says all went together in direct narrative and in dristhdyuman birth story says Partha conquered it.So there is unison in both KMG and Bori over who won drupad but not about who lost exclusively. as per KMG karna, kauravas lost and came back with forces and then pandavas tried. It is the same with Gita press. As per BORI twin narratives we can say when others were fighting on one front Arjuna entered from other front and captured Drupad.Here is proof from Chaitraratha Parva (154)of BORI also which credits Pandavas and how Drona asked them to do the Job the main intention being humiliating DruapadThereupon, Bhishma took a lot of riches with him and offered his grandsons to the wise Drona as students. With the intention of humiliating Drupada, Drona assembled all his students and told them, ‘O unblemished ones! When you have become skilled in the use of all weapons, as a preceptor’s fee, you must promise that you will give me what I wish for.’ When the Pandavas became skilled in the use of all weapons and became successful in their labour, Drona spoke to them and reminded them about the preceptor’s fee, ‘Parshata Drupada is the king in Chhatravati. Take his kingdom away from him and give it to me quickly.’ Then Pandu’s five sons defeated Drupada in battle. Taking him and his advisers prisoners, they showed them to Drona.Now, the moot point why he did that instead of doing it by himself?Well, I am not satisfied with the general reply that he did it because he needed the army of Hastinapur. No, he being Drona could have cursed him or used Brahmshira like Ashwathama and defeated Drupad alone. He did not need any army for that. He had many celestial weapons if only killing or humiliating was the option.He went to collect disciples and also took the help of Hastinapur so that he could also establish himself as an entity. Show his knowledge and command. If he himself does that stunt he would be other disgruntled Brahmin, but now he was someone who commanded princess to capture him and got a king on his feet. That was the real lesson to show his superior status.Drupad commented him on his status and standing there and firing celestial weapons would have proven Drupad’s statement right. What status would Drona have? A Brahmin jealous of a King used his power to curse him or hurt him. That conquering would have brought him infamy.Now, being a teacher to royal kids took him to a higher status because Guru is respected more than a king. That was what he wanted. Ultimately it backfired and he became a servant of Hastinapur and far more embarrassing to be working for Duryodhana.SourceBORI CE as translated by Bibek DebroyKMG edition available on Internet Sacred Text Archive Home	Drona could definitely have fought Drupada. But Dron’a intention was more to humiliate Drupada and after that become Drupada’s friend again. When Drona went to see Drupada in the latter’s palace and when Drupada said that the poor brahmin could never be equal to the king and is not supposed to talk about the friendship, Drona felt very much humiliated. What Drona wanted to do was to show that Drupada was not that superior and Drupada could be made equal to him. When Arjuna captured Drupada, Drona could say that Drupada was inferior to his own disciple and that was precisely Drona’s aim. And Drona believed that after the humiliation, Drupada could become his friend again. But Drona’s calculation proved to be wrong.	As the story goes, Dronacharya and king Drupad used to be very close friends and had promised each other at a tender age that they'll share all their fortunes equally amongst each other. With time when they grew up, Drupad ascended to the throne while Dronacharya was left to live his life in misery as a poor Brahmin.Soon Ashwathama, Dronacharya’s son was born and as he grew up, Drona was immensely pained when he could not fulfill his son's simplest of wishes. So he recalled his and Drupad’s promise of childhood and approached him with the brotherly demand of a share of his fortune to sustain his family. But to this Drupad denied and hence their friendship was significantly bittered.Now, to answer your question, there might be several reasons as to why Drona did not take his revenge himself.Dronacharya might still have been soft towards his childhood friend, and could not bear to attack his friend's territory himself.Drona's ego might have stopped him from stepping into Drupad's territory again after being insulted by him on the same land.As the saying goes, destiny is decided much before it is brought into action. Drupad's daughter, Draupadi, was destined to marry Arjun, followed by the event of her marriage to the other Pandavas. When Arjun, at a very young age of 18, had managed to capture Drupad, the king was significantly impressed by Arjun's skills as a warrior and had made up his mind to give the hand of his daughter to this young man in marriage. Hence to fulfill their Destiny, Drona might have decided to ask his students to capture Drupad for him instead of doing it himself.I hope this answers your question!	Drona did not have an army.It was serving 2 purposes-Getting the revenge, and allowing the princes to give him the gurudaksnina .	Arjun didn't accomplish this solely. There are two different answers according to two different versionsFirst versionThere was an fight with the Hastinapur army and Drupad's army. By defeating them Arjuna was able to capture Drupad's.Second answer (the most obvious one according to me)As Drona asked to defeat Drupad as a Guru Dakshina. The Pandavas as well as Kauravas went to capture him. (It wasn't a exclusive order for Arjun). As the Kauravas proceeded first they kept the army of Drupad busy which made Arjun easy to reach Drupad and fight out.So on either ways Arjun didn't accomplish this individually. As Drona needed an army to fight against the army of Drupad he became the Guru of Pandavas and Kauravas mb.	
Who wrote Mahabharata and Ramayana	Mahabharat was dictated by Maharshi Vedavyasa to Ganesh ji who wrote it down. Ramayan was written by Maharshi Valmiki. There are many versions of Ramayan though, 3 of them authored by Valmiki. Another popular version was written by Tulsidas, called Ramcharitmanas.	
What is the summary of Karna s lessons	“Karna” – the valiant warrior who possessed all qualities of five Pandavas together. He had moral values of Yudhisthir, physical strength of Bhima, archery knowledge of Arjuna, good looks of Nakula, and knowledge of Sahadeva.Being raised in a low caste household, fought caste discrimination all his life, abandoned by his mother at birth, discarded by his teacher Drona, rejected by the society for his lineage. His story generates a sense of helplessness and anger.Karna was one of the most Important Figure of Mahabharata known for his Bravery, his enmity with Pandavas and his friendship with Duryodhna and never to return any one empty handed while worshiping the Sun.There are few important lessons that are to be learnt by Karna's life and those are :1. Extra-marital relationships are bad and harmful.Kunti got pregnant, while being unmarried and thus Karna was born, who was, abandoned by her, out of fear and shame. A neglected, frustrated, deprived child, but an industrious, intelligent and ambitious youth, known for his rivalry with and jealousy for his equally competent brother, Arjun, later joined the opposite camp and became the most trusted friend, and supporter of Duryodhan and one of the reasons for such a disastrous war to happen.2. It is never advisable to acquire something, even education by unfair means.He became a favourite disciple of Parashuram, by hiding his real identity. But when Parashuram came to know about it, he cursed him and that is how he forgot all that he had learned from his guru, when he needed it the most.3. A man is known by the company he keeps.Karna was a good man, but he sided with Duryodhan. He never opposed any of his misdeeds, rather remained an accomplice to him. He couldn't expect a fair deal from others as well.4. If you are honest and dedicated towards your Goal you will eventually get that and will conquer all the difficulties.Karna’s Story not only make us aware about the social conditions of that time only but it also inspires us to work towards our goal no matter how much difficult situation you come across in your life. Being related to Suta Kula he was not permitted to learn the knowledge of warfare and was a punishable offence at that time, as it was only for kshtariya's.But Karna wanted to become a warrior an archer and to learn this knowledge he went to dronaacharya but he denied him to teach this knowledge as he belonged to Suta Kula. But Karna didn’t give up, he disguised himself as a Brahmin and got admission in the Ashrama of Sage Parshurama. Where in short span of time he learned all form of divine weapons from him.5. A friend in need is a friend indeed.Karna suits the proverb “A friend in need is a friend indeed” very well. Karna never left his friend alone even after he was offered the crown of Hastinapur for which the whole Mahabharata was fought.He declined the offers made by Shri Krishna and Kunti and even after knowning his true birth details he did not leave His Friend Duryodhana. He said that it was duryodhana who supported him when everyone was insulting him for being suta now how can I leave him when he needs me the most.6. Choose your friends wisely.Do not make friendship with wrong people because they give instant success. But be like Arjun and makes friendship with right people like Krishna, Vidur. They can save you at any given time.If you choose wrong company, without questioning their intentions, even the God won't help you.6. Always keep your promises.Perhaps the best quality we can learn from the Karna is to keep your words or promise.He promised Duryodhan that he would never leave by his side and he kept his promise till his last breath even after he was asked to give the the throne of Hastinapur for which this war was happening.7. Karna’s life actually teaches us about choices we make in our life, and how a bad choice can inevitably lead to the final fall.When Duryodhan made him the king of Angha, he was aware that Duryodhan’s support was selfishly motivated. Nonetheless, so blinded Karna was to prove that he was a better archer than Arjuna, he was ready to be with the “dark side”.8. If you don't stand up against clear injustice, you deserve an unjust death.Karna used prejudice against him by others as an excuse to justify his acts. Be it the conspiracy to kill Pandavas in the house of Lac, the game of dice, or the killing of young Abhimanyu, he supported Duryodhan whole-heartedly, and kept justifying his acts by giving excuses of him being treated unfairly by others and how Duryodhan supported him.9. The man who doesn't respect woman always faces downfall no matter how powerful he is.And the worst kind of sin he committed when he “whole-heartedly” and “actively” participated in assaulting Draupadi – the wife of Pandavas. Karna called her a prostitute and insulted in the Kaurav sabha aling with Dushasana and Duryodhana who tried to disrobe but Karna could have told his friend Duryodhana to stop that shameful incident. He was the only one who Duryodhana used to listen to.Instead, he also joined other in insulting to revenge Draupadi calling him Sudputra and refusing to marry him at her swayamavara. She had all the right to choose/reject the man whom she wanted to live with. Nothing can justify Karna’s act when it comes to what he did to Draupadi.And in today’s world, when violence towards women is so rampant, it is even more important to highlight how wrong Karna was.Noone should challenge a girl's modesty on the choices she made.10. Karna teaches us that we should always give selflessly.Karna was known as ' Daanveer' for his generosity and kind nature. Being the son of the Sun God, Karna had a natural armour, that acted as a shield. When Indra begged for alms, disguised as an ascetic,Karna selflessly parted with this precious gift.Indra was so moved by this gesture, he gave Karna his vajra.11. People will discriminate against you based on caste, creed, religion. You need to move on, and ignore the douches.Karna was always referred to as sutputra but that doesn't stop him from achieving the highs in his life.12. Being underprivileged doesn't mean that you cannot become better in life without someone else's pity.Karan was a self made man. He needed no reservation. He took warfare knowledge from best guru, Parshuram. He was the best archer.13. Never compare. Don’t let other success define your goal.Karna throughout all his life was never happy because He compared himself with Arjuna and want to beat him. It is okay to aspire greatness but comparison never helps.14. Dharma is defined by Lord Krishna himself. Anyone who tries to go against it faces the harsh consequences.Karna created his own illusion of “Dharma”- and his new self-made “Dharma” was to blindly support Duryodhan because in Karna’s mind, Duryodhan was the only person that had ever shown him kindness.15. Never feel indebted to someone specially a friend, so much that you avoid his selfish motives behind it.Since Duryodhan make karna the king of Angha kingdom and bestowed him with every thing he ever wished for. Karna stop using his mind and blindly supported Duryodhan in his misdeeds.16. Life isn't fair to anyone.The dialogue between Krishna and Karna is a classic example of understanding the difference between ignorance and awareness. Krishna told karna to choose the right path by guiding him through his own life experiences but karna was adamant to help Duryodhan.17. Sulking in self-pity has never given any solution.Born to a princess than left behind to a suta. Always bullied as sutputra. Deprived of his basics as a prince, and many more events, karna always feel self pity. But the beat would be if he left that feeling and stood against bad, which he doesn't.However but you should stand up many times to hold yourself erect and speak your truth, that's how you release yourself from all the unnecessary drama.	Karna was born in the world with his misfortunes or you can say due to karma of his parents. He was left by his mother after he was born. A suta named Adhirath alongwith his wife brought him up with their sons. He grew to become a handsome and wise man and a powerful warrior.Maybe during his childhood he had a contact with the king Dhritrastra and his sons because his father was a charioteer in Hastinapur. He had always thought to serve the king and his sons. Then came the Pandavas, the thorn in both of thems life. They were not liked by many in the kingdom including karna. They wanted to become king because they Powerful than kauravas. Everyone talked about Arjuna and his warfare skills. He became the talk of town. Thus, Arjuna also became karna’s biggest competitor.Karna also wanted to gain knowledge equal to Arjuna but it was not being imparted to him by drona. Drona was showing special attention to Arjuna and Ashwathama. So karna decided to leave the Gurukul and gain knowledge from a guru higher than Drona. And that guru was Parshuram. He had to lie to him gain knowledge from him because he feared that he won't impart the knowledge of weapons to him if he is not a Brahmin. It was mainly due to the reputation of Parshuram being the leader of Brahmins who had revolted against Kshatriyas.After returning to Hastinapur by gaining knowledge of weapons. He started challenging Arjuna. This made him catch attention of others including Duryodhan. Duryodhan lost no time in befriending him and filled him with riches. This made karna more and more indebted to duryodhan. He became more like a loyal servant than a loyal friend. That's why karna used to act only in the way which would please duryodhan. Pandavas and especially Arjuna became his biggest enimies. This never ending rivalry ended with the kauravas losing their life in the war and karna was killed brutally along with sons and brothers.The lesson we learnt from karna's life is:Never bring indebtness in friendship. Because friendship happens when people of equal mindset meet. Indebtness hampers friendship.Problems come as opportunity in life if you are able solve it you will gain success.We may be born with misfortunes it may due others karma but if we die with misfortunes it is due to our own karma.Never make your life centred to defeating your competitor. You are your biggest competitor. Always compete with yourself.	
Which historical event like the Mahabharata or the Ramayana will happen in Kali Yuga	The question of happening the events that we're happened in Dwapariyiga or Tretayuga will not happen in Kaliloguga.Every yuga has one Dharma and it has to happen according to God's planning. Kali is the King for kaliguga and as such Dharma will run on one leg. Now, we are practically seeing lack of Dharma in our own family members and society. As was said by Jiddu Krishna Murty, “You cannot change the society and at best you can change yourselves”.Hope this clarification is suffice.	Here I may sound a little weird, but it occurs in a different way.You see, when sat yuga came to an end, the bad acts that was the reason of Sat yug’s end was carried to the thought pattern of the lives of citizens of the society. while escalatingThus when Treta yuga Came to an end, Both, the events and acts which led to the destruction of Sat yuga and Treta yuga is carried to the thought pattern of the lives of normal citizens. While escalatingSimilarly with Dwapara, encompassing the worst acts of the previous two yuga. While escalatingAnd now Kali, Having all worse to worst acts of the previous three yugas, and escalatingThis will escalate till the point, till the people reaching the lowest point. When a family lineage completes the cycle, it will again ascend till the Sat yuga.When approximately a little than enough reached to start the Sat yuga, God will take his incarnation and destroy the family lineage of the people who were lost in this Age of Physical work, thus giving them a chance to start all over again from the lineage of the accomplished families. In Bible, the number of families are jotted down, I won’t tell about their credibility to that number though as it would help no one but build tension in the case of that being the case, and laziness if it is not being the case.Thus after the approximate amount of family lineage who are able to ascend to Sat yuga. The family lineage is divided according to 7 Primary lineage (Primary only when their teachings are passed down and not contaminated). This is again told in the Vedas to be the SaptarshisAtri.Bharadvaja.Gautama Maharishi.Jamadagni.Kashyapa.Vasistha.Vishwamitra.In the Bible, it is the lineage of the Seven SpiritsSpirit of the LordSpirits of wisdomSpirits of understandingSpirits of counselSpirits of mightSpirits of knowledgeSpirits of fear of the LORDWe are the mixed lineage of all the stars/spirits.Coming Back, Every event of previous yuga will be repeating itself into the life of the human householder, Society and infrastructure. With addition of the events about to take place in Kali yugaThe family line in which, at their own age of Ramayana, the wife forsakes the husband, that family is lost, Or the husband not going to save her wife, is lost. Thus the Ramayana occurring again in their next life until they completes it completely. While the family lineage where the incident of husband losing hope, wife betraying happens, they fall prey in the hands of Kali. Then comes the event of Mahabharata. Therefore, Read the Ramayana and Mahabharata, with every Puranas, as well as the current history. But first is the reading of the Epics by Maharshi Valmiki and Maharshi Vyasa so that you can graduate from that time by having insights.Please understand this.Unless the Ramayana is completed appropriately, one does not descend to the next age of Mahabharata in their family, and when Mahabharata completed, and if still not liberated, defected to Kali.The family of whose a child is able to attain God enlightenment is saved. While those who are not gets defected to the Kali, from where only the lord can save.A girl gaining enlightenment, makes the whole world’s knowledge and intellect to brighten, thus helping each and everybody. Such a family is blessed with good children (Like the seven Rishis/Spirits) throughout and thus able to ultimately come out of the clutches of the demon Kali. Demon Kali have a religion made by him on earth too, though many do, and many don’t realize. Only the wise can realize it truly.You can follow the Holy Bible too, but you also have to follow more of your sacred texts, thus the process will be very difficult. Best is to learn of the Sacred texts of Sanatana Dharma. It does not mean to take up or give up any religion. Knowledge of history only benifits, never harms. Ramayana and Mahabharata as well all other puranas are true history of Humankind.Best Of luck on your journey.Added a wonderful question, and answer to it from the comments:That’s very confusing.In short words, if the family members maintain the values of Ram and his family, they will ascend.If they don't, then they will be tested in the Mahabharata way. If they ascend from there, they will be tested in the Ramayana way as before. If they dont maintain the minimum good values of the Mahabhrata epic though, they cannot be saved.If a person attains enlightenment, their family can be saved. It's preferable to have a lady find enlightenment, which will aid the entire family or even the world grow safer and enlightened.I think you misunderstood :DWhat I meant is, there are four types of family. One in present with the mindset of Treta yugs, One with the mindset of Dwapara yuga and lastle one with the mindset of the starting Kali yuga. While also one who is doomed in the later Kali yuga.Please read until finished :DIn the Family present in Treta yuga, The wife plays the role of “Shree Ram” and “Laxman”, while the husband that of Sita. The mother of the husband, plays the role of “Ravana”.There will always be a time when, the person is away from home to visit his mother. Obstruction in views of mother in law and his wife. But the last part of wife defeating her mother in debate and finally gaining her rightful authority of her husband.Thus after the safe ending of the “Family Ramayana”, All the past forfathers and mothers are liberated and the family progresses to the Yug of “Dwapara”, which again continues itself until the whole play is completed.If obstruction comes, the family line resets itself to the start, and thus the play starting all over again. While the one who created the obstruction is give a detention by sending him/her into the later part of Kali yuga.This is the how the plays of outer yuga and inner yuga plays out. Quite interesting, isn’t it!When “Dwapara” completed, It progresses to Kali, where the only method of completion is by the born of a child who will liberate himself by taking diksha, thus attaining enlightenment by Sadhana.By this, He enters the “Sat Yuga”, where the families stay throughout till the start of “Sat yuga”After the entry of each Outer yuga, our family line’s inner yuga resets itself to the point where the first pillar is broken, that is “treta yuga”When in treta yuga, when a definite number of family ascend, comes the incarnation of God to complete the outer Yuga.Same with Dwapara and KaliWhen I came to know how the things of Ramayana and Mahabhrata will play out in deep meditation, I first myself didn’t believe. But this, when I saw how it plays out by watching in the serenic view of each family, it resembled. I became astonished myself.A Sat guru is a divine being who, with the help of his powers, deviate the Story’s start to that of the side story, where none of the event occur and every being follow the four stages of life. He further blesses by enhancing the true disciple directly to the stage of Sanyasa.That is why a Sat Guru is so important.I hope this resolves your Querries. :DThank you for asking! I am happy that you seriously read it. But well, where I don’t write, “Take it at Face value” there the meaning is quite hidden. Even if I write “Take It at Face Value” it is approached a little bit differently so that any person don’t take advantage of it.Could you explain what you mean by the inner and outer yugas?Please refer to the link in-to the blog and then continue reading:About God Enlightenment, Cosmic Enlightenment, Self Enlightenment and Awakening. How they are different? Why machines can’t become God?Now, you see the similarities between the outer and the inner right?The next part will be really hard to understand. Please read several times before coming to the conclusion. I know you will succeed. :DIt is all the same!About inner worlds:-We (when we take birth) are the blood which flows in vessels, similarly, similarly, we again (when we go for schools to educate) are blood provided to different organs for their functions. Again We (when we become a part of the society) are the blood which transforms into the organs and take the positions of the dead blood cells. Again we (are the people who retire their lives of serving the society sole for the search of God) are the retired mature cells which is excreted from the organs for its contribution to the “Soma fluid” and “Veerya”. Dead cells become “Veerya” while the young cells who gain enlightenment by coming to the brain becomes “Soma”. We (As enlightened masters, Satguru, expanded consciousness; While also those who is absorbed by the soil and regenerated again by the greater body by carrying the energy from our seeds in the brain (As these are the people who knew themselves as one with us. “Soma”)) are also the cells who gain enlightenment and know god “Soma” (Who again gains Enlightenment by drinking us, thus making us too go to the next stage us enlightenment. This goes on forever, endlessly. With every climb, new powers added, which defies everything and anything). This process is endless.Outer worlds:-We are the inside a blood cell called the Earth,which is inside in the school called the solar system,which is inside the society called Galaxy,which is again inside the Universe called the world.Universe is again in the multiverse where similar beings of multiverse is present.While the above can again be expanded towards and referred as beings inside a blood: example:- if the earth is considered an instrument inside blood, we become the creation factors of that. Solar system becomes the blood and so on.Thus Saints, when realized this factor of mine. Distinguished between the two as the Outer world and the inner world which revolves under the outer yugas and inner yugas of time as described by my sons in vedas. Nothing is able to describe me as I remain in Endless itself. I am the infinite in which both the infinite exists. A person, going in any way will receive me in the end, but the one who knows himself completely and then goes on completing his outer world can be called wise. While the one who goes to the outer world without knowing himself completely can be called equal to the veerya that has left the body and thus lost his way. When you know yourself as the father, no mater how much veerya you lose, you remain a bhramachari. Since you understand that you are excreting the dead cells and not the enlightened cells. Those who are not enlightened, excrete both dead cells and enlightened cellsI shall end here unless requested. Or coming across something.	Much tougher things will happen. An affirmative statement am making based on part knowledge of bhavishyath Purana ( future epic).Ramayana period was with people following morals, ethics, practices, culture and lineage culture.Mahabharata period started with small gain of culprit nature and has ended with all notorious and most deadly creature left on earth as two legged ones.Future; it's declared worse things which cannot be described. We haven't even thought of them. Better I not to describe as I may be provocative in preaching ill practices.If interested please try to read Bhavishad Purana( future epic).	We can arrive the timeframe of Ramayana and Mahabharata based on the facts the Sanskrit community has given to us.From the book “Ancient History of Travancore” published in 1878,Main thing is to note isKali Yugam was just 1,200 years not lakhs of years as they project today. They does not want the Kaliyuga to get finished :)Dwapara Yugam was just 2,400 years.Keeping this in mind, Consider the other factFrom the above history, we can find that1. Parasu Rama, Naradha, Rama etc lived at the time of Chola and Chera kingdom exist in South2. They belongs to the time Islam exist ( mecca is denoted )3. They belongs to the time Buddhism was popular in south. A chola converted himself as Buddhist at the time of Parasurama.Based on these facts, we can derive the age of Ramayana approximatelyBuddha period is about 6th century BC ( approximately 700 years before Jesus) so 2018 + 700 = 2718 yearsSanskrit says Ramayana happens in Dwapara Yuga and Mahabharata at KaliyugaEven if we subtract current year 2018 A.D - 1,200 (Kaliyuga entire life time) = 818 A.D (9th century A.D )If you adjust the above time then you should understand that we are no more in Kaliyuga	Already took place crucification and ressurcation of Lord Jesus Christ.Jesus cures the sick,gives blind vision,makes deaf and dumb hear and talk,makes dead alive stop the storm,walk in water. He was greatest devotee of Lord Narayana and refer him as father. Jesus hates hypocrisy and even forgiven his killers .Lord Narayana is so pleased with Jesus make him alive from the dead.In future Lord Narayana will be returning back as Kalki to destroy a demonic religion.	You are talking of Ramayana Mahabharata only but some incident much greater than them will occur in Kali Yuga, that is war between various nations and natural disasters.	
Krishna says that he is the month of Margazhi amongst the Tamil months and so on I want to know what is Krishnas being in the universe as he says in the Geetha	BG 10.8	
Who built the rajyam of the Pandavas	Upon taking Khandavaprasta as their share of land, Pandavas sought help of Lord Krishna.He invited God Indra who commanded Viswa Karma the one and only best builder for the Gods.He built Indraprasta for Pandavas. Similarly, Maya was helped by Arjuna and he built Palace of Illusions (Maya Sabha) for Pandavas.	
What is the name of Gandharis 87th child	Aniket. He is one of the 'Kaurava' brothers. (Son of king Dhritarashtra and queen Gandhari). He was killed by Bhima (the second eldest Pandava) during the Kurukshetra war.	
If Draupadi secretly loved Karna why did she reject him at her Swayamvara	Thanks for the question that I am answering again,no problem.Would you enjoy watching Jahnavi Kapur getting paired with Khans who are 50 plus? No naa?Draupadi Karna pairing also will look like that only. Do you know Karna was atleast 16 years older than Arjuna? If you are unaware of that you better realise it.So age wise Draupadi was more than twenty years younger to Karna.Dont go by Palace Of Illusions,outcast’s Queen,Yajnaseni!Jayam ,Mrityunjay….the list is too long. I am sure it will become longer ..Draupadi did not reject Karna. For she doesn’t even know about him..by all means.Panchala king Drupada’s earnest desire is to get a daughter who could marry Arjun. He did a sacrifice to fulfill his desire. So Draupadi was born to marry Arjun. He was her destiny…not Karna .Draupadi was born as a young woman. Within a short while Drupada announced her Swayamvara only to attract Arjun’s attention. He was shattered on hearing about the death of Arjuna in Laksha grih fire. But with a hope that Pandavas survived,he arranged Swayamvara.Arjuna came and fulfilled the prophecy...Secret love?Draupadi doesn’t need to love secretly. For she loved Arjun openly. Her love was so focused that even Yudhishtir could acknowledge and declare that she loved Arjuna more.Dont go by Jambu fruit incident. The first version of that story had Draupadi admitting her love for Arjuna. Later it was changed to Karna by other writers.Drupada must have told his daughter for whom she was born. So Draupadi’s love was crystal clear not secret.By the way no one will love some one older by twenty years. In olden days second marriages used to happen with that much age gap.So Draupadi did not love Karna that too in secrecy.Draupadi did not reject Karna . He failed to hit the target.My self,Arnab Ghosh,Anmol Kumar Sarma and many others provided proof from all versions of the Epic citing Karna’s failure. I wish you go through them and realise the truth.Note..Whatever I said above I have references from Sanskrit versions.	Thanks for A2A.I hope we are talking about the Draupadi, the heroine of epic Mahabharata and not about any female protagonists of any fictional novel or TV series or movies.As per my knowledge and understanding -Draupadi didn’t rejected Karna.I have documented entire thing here -Arnab Ghosh's answer to Was Karna rejected by Draupadi or he couldn't lift the bow in her Swayambar?There is no mention that Draupadi had any sympathy for Karna (Let alone love) in Sanskrit epic.There is no conversation mentioned between two characters and they mostly came face to face twice or thrice in their entire life.During Draupadi’s marriage ceremony and subsequent visits to Hastinapur.During Rajasuya Sacrifice.During dice game incident.I have documented all canon and folk stories related to Draupadi - Karna angle here -Arnab Ghosh's answer to Was Draupadi actually in love with Karna as mentioned in the book Palace of illusions?Only two people from Pandava side who showed sympathy for Karna were (Obviously after war) -Kunti who was the mother of Karna.Yudisthira who cursed all women for keeping Karna’s birth a secret.IMO, Draupadi - Karna stories has nothing to do with love but more of extracting a character certificate from Draupadi by fans - I mean using Draupadi as tool to justify or white wash Karna.	MR bhanu charak the question is baseless . It’s irrelevant in context with real events of MB. Karn n Draupdi had never any relations .Those writers like Patnaik, Shivaji n few females authors too & that every person here or there at Quora who supports such ill-logical questions and have made their own perceptions shall be thrown out in the Ilusion caves of Pradyuman. B.R chopra , Ramanand Sagar & Ekta Kapur kinda people have made MB like a Haarakari.Today , I oppose those writers here who have even called Karan as Maharathi . No body here can prove even a single duel war at MB or before MB which proves him such kinda extraordinary warrior or loveable person who deserves admiration.Even furtherly I dnt see any logic who says that Karan was rejected by Draupdi or he missed the target with a hair width margin . In actually he cud not string the bow successfully. He failed to handle . Dnt forget the condition put up by Drupad was not an ordinary , neither the bow was Ordinary nor the Boon of Lord shiva was ordinary . Mahadev’s boon to draupdi of getting married to the best Archer of all worlds was too one reason . So how cud karna string the Bow..?One more fact here I disclose .. The Gandiv cud only be lifted by 3 people in the universe ,Lord Mahadev Lord Krishna , & Arjuna Offcourse . I want to ask those ones too who have read KMG n several other books too that what were the instructions of Draupdi’s Swayamvar..? Was it mentioned that the arrow shall hit in-to the centre of fish eye .. Or if the arrow hit at corner of eye then it won’t be considered.. .? Parshurama had taught karn then does that mean that he cud defeat all n cud hit any target given to him in 3 worlds...?Why people Dnt understand that reading few books are not enough . Putting logics behind them & coming to the best conclusion is the righteous path & way to describe things in a more bettter way.Do u know who was Charak ..? An extraordinary Ayurveda Vaidh. Read CHARAKA SAHIMTA & u will get to know his works on Anatomy of human body & Fetal development. U have great name but do u think that names matter ..? It’s all in karmas. Getting trained under a great guru is different thing & acquiring every single drop of knowledge from the lessons & teachings of that same Guru is altogether a different story .I’m sure u will definitely read BORI which I recommend U to read . Rest is ur choice . People like Ekta Kapur, Ramanand sagar & Amir khan n many more are some few bunch of circus jokers who claims to be successful & lakhs of people follow them too are living in illusions. But in reality they themselves have not gone through that Jungle where hunting is must to survive for Hunter . Amir khan is going to make movie on MB which is based on some Bengali write who is again wrote a biased version of MB from Draupdi’s point of View ( Sorry, from his point of view which he knew cuz during times of MB he was Dasi of Draupdi in form of female ) . I dnt understand why such rascals are toying with Our Vyasa Epic only ..? Go for Quran, Bible & many more . Why dnt they make genuine movie on real heroes first ..? Dnt watch “ Karn sangini” which is again going to be the mother of all corrupted mind writers imagination. Very soon it’s going to be telecast . Game of TRP & fake popularity of Karn will rise again . Thanx.	Enough!I'm fed up of seeing Draupadi-Karna-Love questions on Quora.Who told you she loved him?Did Draupadi whispered it in your ears?Did Karna send you a letter?Did Pandavas told you that she cheated on them?Stop asking this stupid question.Plenty of answers have been written about it by Amrita Talukdar, Arnab Ghosh and others who have thoroughly read Mahabharata.Even I, a 16 years old, have read a simplified Hindi version of the text by Geeta Press, and am able to analyse that a woman will never love a man who compares her with a prostitute.So read Geeta Press Mahabharata, if not KMG or BORI, to have a sound knowledge of the original text and not the biased ones.Follow these Quorans for their astonishing content on Mahabharata and you will never get any confusion.Thank you!	Draupadi never rejected or loved Karna. All these stories about rejection and love were part of movies made with the stories written by some other people by taking characters from Mahabharatha. These stories are not part of Mahabharatha, but they have become household sayings about the epic. Actually Karna failed to lift the bow or to string it to target Matsya Yantra and Draupadi did not find chance to reject him as he failed.In the ensuing war of Kings who attended Swayamvara with Arjuna who won Draupadi, Arjuna defeated all the kings including Karna and Duryodhana. Of course Bhima assisted him in the war, but Arjuna fought with Karna and other kings, while Bhima fought with Duryodhana and other kings. Arjuna threatens Karna about killing him and the Karna runs away from the battle field after Draupadi Swayamvara.	Draupadi was never in love with Karna. She is a A-yonija... born out of fire of Yoga..Yagnya. she outrightly rejected karna in swayamvara. Only a pure sattvik saadhaka soul free from any pride , malice with a surrender to dharma and supreme divinity was eligible to get the hand of Shuddha Chaitanya Praana Shakti .. Draupadi. Which is Symbolically represented by the Sattvik lifestyle of Arjuna. Impure Rajasic Tamasic arrogant worldly malice ridden souls can never get hold of that chaitanya … all kauravas and Karna was such souls ..and thwy failed …in the swayamvara. Draupadi . all these storeys about draupadi in love with karna are just false cooked up ones.. Do not find mention in the mahabhaarata.. Nor in any other authentic puraana itihaasa	
Why did Yudhisthira want Nakula to come back to life	Because Nakula was the eldest amongst sons of Madri, it was considered fair by Yudhistara to seek for his life, when he was asked to chose only one of his four dead brothers.His sense of equity and justice was appreciated and all the four brothers were brought back to life.	
If Karna was more powerful than Arjuna why could he never defeat Arjuna before Kurukshetra even with great support by his side	Karna was never more powerful than Arjuna. He was a hero made up by distorted retellings novels and TV shows.Any one will have a claim to fame only due to performance. That will be the yardstick to judge a person.For instance if one of my students who is in A grade fails to write the required answer,I can not give him marks.Similarly Karna as a student and as a warrior have had more failures than triumphs.Kurukshetra is the final exam of sorts from where Karna opted out for ten days.It takes so much grit and determination to stay put for 18 days and continuously fight the adversariesBarring Ghatotkacha whom he killed by Sakti weapon Karna did not kill any reputed warrior from Pandava side.And defeating Arjuna is beyond his capability.TV shows tried to promote that Karna and Arjuna did not come face to face with each other before the final battle which is wrong. 14 th day Karna was thrashed severely by Arjuna..Aswathama saved him.Despite the presence of Karna Arjuna could kill one of the prominent warriors of Kaurava side Bhagadutta and many more.Leave alone Arjuna Karna could not stand Abhimanyu..what to say.Karna was a hyped charecter not by Vedavyasa but by pseudo scholars like Devdutt Patnaik And desparate novelists like Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni.	He was certainly NOT more powerful than Arjuna by any means. To add to what Lakshmi has already said so pithily, let me also point out that Jayadrata was protected by Karna apart from all the main warriors of the the Kaurava clan. Yet Arjuna, after fighting the whole day against the whole Kaurava army single handedly, entering deep into enemy lines, where he was surrounded by the foes, after having sustained some serious wounds during his day long battle, was still able to kill Jayadratha while holding off not only Karna but also Kripa, Karna’s son, Ashwattama and many others trying to keep Jayadratha alive. Contrary to common belief, Jayadratha was NOT killed by trickery. The sun was blocked by Krishna, yes, but it was unblocked by him, then Jayadratha realized that Arjuna was too close, he started fighting back as did the Kaurava main warriors around him and he was killed while fighting. There was not a thing that Karna or his allies could do to protect Jayadrtha from Arjuna. Also remember that Arjuna fought his way to Jayadratha from sun up to sun down, BUT the warriors stationed around Jayadratha had remained there (most of them including Karna) at the back of the Kaurava army, not entering into the main fight at all during the major part of the day and hence were fresh, unfatigued, unwounded and they could STILL not prevail over a battle weary Arjuna.	Karna was the greatest archer as he proved it during his first ever encounter with Arjuna in Rangabhoomi. In order to get better off Arjuna had to visit different Gurus during his exile period and obtained different celestial weapons which Karna had already possessed from Rama. Again during his encounter with Arjuna during Draupadi Swayamvara he overpowered Arjuna and desisted from the battle only because Arjuna lied to him that he was only a Brahmin. He never participated in any Swayamvara Parva meant for only Kshatriya kings in those times. So, his participation in Draupadi Swayamvara is only an interpolation as per other texts including KMG. During Dice Game episode, it is well proved from the statements of Arjuna during Virat War and of Krishna during 17th day of the Kurukshetra war that Karna only laughed at the entire scene. ( As per Bibek Debroy). Moreover, one who can overpower the most valiant warrior like Arjuna can’t be indulged in vanquishing Pandavas in deceitful manner. It was only after Arjuna obtained his celestial Gandiva, inexhaustible quiver and the Celestial Chariot that he could over power the Kuru Army, that too because the Kurus never had the prior idea that they were going to face Arjuna during Gograhana from Virat. (Clearly mentioned in Bibek Debroy text). However, after invoking Sammohan dart Arjuna left the battle ground before all the Kuru army rose to attack him again. But after that the Kuru Army had prepared themselves for the final battle to even combat Arjuna, the wielder of Gandiva. Karna was generous enough to not hit the Vasava dart at Arjuna during Virat War and also during the small encounter with Arjuna during the Kurukshetra war. That is because he was a genuine fighter and wanted to prove himself superior to Arjuna with his ordinary bows and arrows. He never held his Vijay Bow till the last day of his life. That was because he was the commander of Kuru army and had the responsibility to protect that. His Kavacha and Kundala was the biggest barrier between his potential and Arjuna;s valour. He might have felt relaxed after donating that to Vasava. He already possessed the weapons like STHUNAKARNA, INDRAJALA, PASHUPATA. We all are aware that the first two weapons were already used by Arjuna during his encounter with Chitrasena during Gandharva war to counter illusion. But, in order to kill Ghatotkacha he used his Vasava dart. How can a wicked person spare the lives of all the four Pandavas just for the sake of the promise he made to his mother? Atleast, he could have arrested Yudhisthra. But some argue that had he done that Arjuna would have destroyed everybody as stated by Shalya. Utterly rubbish. Arjuna had all the same weapons that Karna possessed. It was his bad luck that he was not warned by Arjuna before the last arrow Anjalika shot at him. Lest he should have invoked either Brahmastra or Bhargavaastra to counter any such weapon. Karna is always regarded superior to any warrior because Arjuna gave this opportunity to the entire world to criticise Arjuna for his cowardice act in killing Karna, which he would have never been able to do in a fair battle.Karna had shot terrible Nagastra and arjuna failed to counter it. Lord krishna saved his head when it was almost cut off by terrible nagastra of karnaKarna had shot brahmastra and again arjuna failed to counter it. After kurushetra war, chariot of arjuna blasted into ash. Thanks to krishna who again saved arjuna from getting blast along with his chariot.Karna had shot bhargavastra and as usual defeated arjuna unable to counter it took heroic flight (vimna partho) like coward and fled away from karna towards the tent of his brother yudhistiraAs usual krishna saved arjuna from vasavi dart of karna otherwise arjuna would have been blasted into the ash along with chariot, steeds and standardKarna had broken down 11 celestical strings of gandiva. Poor arjuna was unable to touch the string of Vijaya. Even arjuna tried his best to break the ordinary bow-string of ashwatthama but due to lack of skill failed to creat force required to break that stringKarna used to string his bow before his rivals shot arrows to pierce him such was the speed of karna but arjuna didn't have such speed to string his bow. He was too slow. Arjuna was destroyed by karna, ashwatthama and drona during stringing process.Karna never missed any target in his military career but arjuna missed simple target many times. Once arjuna failed to hit deer although he repeatedly shot arrows to hit that deer. He was exhausted. Arjuna is still searching for that deer.Karna had defeated nishad king eklavya in his digvijay conquest and same eklavya surpassed arjuna in archery and arjuna was jealous of himKarna had out-performed the feats of arjuna in rangbhoomi contest so tagged by yudhistira (brother of arjuna) as the greatest archerKarna had defeated bhagadatta in his digvijay conquest and same bhagadatta almost killed arjuna twice and both time krishna saved his soul from getting liberation by bhagadattaKarna had destroyed more than 1.5 akshahoni within 2 days when he became commander of kuru army. This was the greatest destruction by any archer. It is said that karna even surpassed the feats of bhishma and drona. Arjuna had slain zero akshahoni as per original mahabharat because it was revealed that lord shiva and krishna were fighting invisibly standing in front of arjuna's chariot and in process killed kuru soldiersKarna was the only warrior capable to rebound celestical mace of bhima shooting arrows but arjuna couldn't rebound mace of srutayudha. let alone rebounding, arjuna even failed to destroy that mace and krishna took it on his shoulder and saved life of arjunaKarna had destroyed many celestical equipments in his life be it celestical wheel of ghatotkach, celestical bow-strings/nandighosh chariot/celestical crown/celestical robes/celestical standard of arjuna or celestical rudra bow of abhimanyu. On other hand, arjuna never destroyed any celestical equipments of his rivals. Yes, he was able to break ordinary bows but not celesticalsKarna was the only warrior who had created extra-ordinary wounds all over the bodies of krishna and arjuna and blood was flowing from their wounds. Both were bathed in blood and every part of their bodies pierced by karna .Their condition was too critical even they couldn't extract karna's terrible arrows from wounded bodies and went back to tent for special therapy in order to extract such blood sucking arrows. Arjuna also created wounds over the bodies of karna and shalya but ordinary wounds. Karna was laughing during entire encounter whereas arjuna was humiliated by krishna and bhima for his regular failureKarna had destroyed thousands of illusions created by demon ghatotkach on 14th night. Arjuna was not skilled enough to counter illusion of demons. once he failed to counter the illusion of demob nikumbha and that demon seized his neck and hung him in the sky. Later krishna killed that demon and saved arjuna. Pradyumna caught arjuna later was falling from the skyKarna had destroyed panchala warriors who were protected by lord shiva. Ultimate success for any archer who destroyed warriors having protection of supreme god.Karna had shot 5 arrows using such massive power that armour of lord krishna was broken down and all arrows penetrated through his body. Thanks to unslayable god krishna. If you replace krishna with any human driver then his driver would have been died on spot and horses of arjuna would have been run away along with arjuna. Arjuna also struck shalya but his arrows were unable to penetrate the armour of shalyaArjuna had many extra and unfair advantages over karna even before their final battle.KKarna had donated his celestical armour to Indra. Indra gifted another celestical brahma armour to arjuna. so karna was fighting using ordinary armour but arjuna had celestical armour for his protection.Indra had gifted extra celestical bow-strings to arjuna, celestical standard and celestical robes to arjuna. On other hand, karna had nothing.Karna's lost his physical power as he did donate armour cutting his own body parts. He fought the war with wounded body as indra fled away without healing karna. On other hand, arjuna was fresh.Arjuna had 2 inexhaustible quivers and unlimited supply of special high quality arrows. Karna didn't have inexhaustible quivers to shot such arrows.karna had 2 curses which were boons for arjuna. On other hand, arjuna had a boon of shiva and durga which were curses for karna.Arjuna had protection of lord krishna and lord hanuman. He had lord shiva for killing his rivals in battle. Arjuna was helped by 3 supreme gods and demons gang was protector of his standard gifted by vishwakarman.Charioteer of arjuna always inspired him for fight. Lord krishna even told him how to fight? which weapon should be used? where? How? On other hand, karna's charioteer shalya was always demorlizing karna giving him wrong advice. He did this because yudhistira begged him to protect his brother arjuna and damp the spirit of karna.Karna knew very well that he was going to fight his younger brother but for jealous arjuna, karna was just enemy who was considered to be his superior by his own friend krishnaKarna was the only warrior who was cheated by maximum people as confessed by narada.First indra bite his lap for the benefit of arjuna and then begged his armour-rings.Kunti begged him to spare pandava and even mentally tortured him.Krishna did the same like kunti.Bhishma also insulted him to save pandava from his wrath.Drona also refused to teach him advance archery and weapons being partial to arjuna.Kripacharya also insulted him on the ground of cast.Shalya also insulted him for the sake of yudhistira.Arjuna used nalika arrows which were banned to use in war.Arjuna and krishna together plotted many times to cheat karna. Arjuna had ordered pandava warriors to attack karna so that karna should be consume by fatigue and arjuna should be fresh before final battle. Krishna didn't let arjuna to face karna directly specially when karna was destroying pandava warriorsEven before final encounter with arjuna, karna faced more than 11 group attacks by all pandava warriors including 4 pandavas, satyaki, dhristdyumn, Yudhamanyu, uppandavas and many other warriors. Karna alone made all of them to flee at every encounter but karna lost his maximum stock of weapon and his horses/driver were consumed by fatigue. He was mangled during all encounters. His ordinary armour was already weakened before final fight. Even after all this coward arjuna failed to defeat karna in archery and just like coward he attacked karna from behind later was extracting wheel of hischariot.Karna was superior to arjuna not only in archery. karna was considered to be all rounder warrior.Karna was the only warrior who vanquished jarasandh in wrestling fairly. Bhima couldnt beat jarasandh fairly.Karna even dragged bhima along the ground and bhima was unable to move even by an inch and unable to stand properly on his foot. Great karna spared him and allowed him to run away from battle.Karna was never dragged by any warrior but arjuna was dragged by even woman ulupi along the ground.Arjuna was unable to handle vajra which was gifted by indra. He couldn't kill single demon nivatkavacha using it but karna caught the vajra of lord shiva using bare arms later hurl by ghatotkach and threw it back towards ghatotkach which destroyed everything be it standard, driver or chariot. Ghatotkach remained alive as he jumped from his chariotKarna was never defeated in fair battle. Infact he was undefeated with Vijaya bow but arjuna was the only warrior who was defeated by all warriors be it warrior class or non-warrior class (D-grade humans).Arjuna was fairly defeated by demon nikumbha who hung arjuna in the sky.He was again defeated by drona on 14th day and as usual he fled away from battle turning his back towards preceptor. Drona did his best to chase him but could not as arjuna was the fastest runner of mahabharata.Arjuna was defeated by ashwatthama on 15th day as he bowed his head before narayanastra shot by ashwatthama.He was again defeated and captured by samsaptakas foot soldiers. Karna was never captured by anyone even gandharvas failed to capture bowless, driverless, chariotless and intoxicated karna but arjuna was captured by samsaptakas foot soldiers on 17th day despite having all advantages.Arjuna was defeated and killed by sandhava foot soldiers during ashwamedha conquest. Saptrishi revived him using their yogic power.His own son vabruvahan cut off his head into six pieces. Arjuna was easily slain by his own son.Valiant robbers. What to say about these legends? Ordinary humans (without weapons, without chariot, without any knowledge of weapons) just using 6 ft bamboo sticks disrobed arjuna completely tearing him middle apart. Arjuna began to run away to save his life abandoing wives of his best friend krishna to get raped by robbers. He fled away from dwarka towards kurushetra with speed more than 200 Km/Hr. Sanskrit has mentioned this fleeing as 'VIMNA PARTHO' means heroic fleeingKarna was never saved by anyone from any lethal attack but arjuna was saved by krishna and hanuman from lethal attacks. Sometime, satyaki and other warriors also saved him as rivals of arjuna began to overpower him.Once Bhishma had shot fierce arrows to kill arjuna but krishna used his steed management skill and baffled arrows thus saved arjuna.On 12th day, bhagadatta was about to crush arjuna under his elephant but as usual krishna using his steed management skill saved arjuna.Bhagadatta had shot vaishnavastra and arjuna almost lost his head but krishna saved his head once more taking vaishavastra on his chest.Srutayudha was going to crush arjuna but krishna took that mace on his shoulder thus saved arjuna again.Ashwatthama had shot narayanastra and as usual krishna saved his friend from certain death by revealing the method to baffle narayanastra.On 17th day, samsaptakas had captured arjuna but krishna began to fight violating his vow just to save arjuna.Samsaptakas began to overpower arjuna but hanunan roared which caused army to lose energy and arjuna recovered during the interval offered by hanuman.Arjuna's wife ulupi also saved him as she revived him later was slain by vabruvahanKarna never fell unconsious while fighting ordinary enemy but arjuna had world record in losing his sense in battle. He fell unconsious and all time krishna had protected unconsious arjuna untill he recovered his sense.Indra struck arjuna and he fell unconsious during khandav dahan episode.Nikumbha struck him and arjuna vomitted blood from mouth and fell unconsious.Achutayus shot arrows and arjuna fell unconsious.He also fell unconsious while fighting susharma, Dhritvarma, Sudakshina, karna, ashwatthama, sandhava etc.Karna always fought fairly whereas arjuna always fought unfairly.Arjuna had hidden himself behind woman to kill bhishma in battle.He had attacked innocent bhurishrava from behind later was dragging his friend satyaki along the ground.He had attacked chariotless, bowless, heedless karna from behind later was extracting wheel of chariot.It's no one other than arjuna who asked bhima to hit duryodhana unfairly below navel.Karna had killed ghatotkach in front of arjuna. Karna even spared his brothers pandavas in front of arjuna. More than 3/4 pandava army slain by karna in front of arjuna. There is no other warrior except arjuna who caused destruction of hi s own people to save his lifeDespite having most destructive weapons like Brahmadand and pasupatastra, the great karna never used it. Arjuna forgot pasupatastra being sinful wretch and shiva again gifted him pasupatastra on 13th night of battle. Even karna didn't use bhargavastra and nagastra 2nd time to kill arjuna. He could have finished war by destroying arjuna within moment using his nuclear power but he was responsible warrior who always avoided to use nuclear weapons unlike arjuna who blindly used his all weapons.Once arjuna had invoked nuclear weapons just for the satisfaction of another moron yudhistira and all animals were almost destroyed.This arjuna even shot brahmastra to kill lord shiva (thinking him to be lower cast kirata). Nuclear weapons means responsibilty and only karna was responsible enough to avoid use of nuclear weaponsKarna was the only warrior who conquered entire earth using single chariot. He had defeated 100 kings within minutes during bhanumati swayamvar episode. He was the only warrior who conquered more than 17 group attacks where all pandava warriors (including 5 pandavas, satyaki, dhristdyumn, yudhamanyu and panchalas/chedi/somakas armies) attacked him in group and retreated after defeat by karna. He was the favourite disciple of lord parshuram and favourite rival of arjuna. This is also the reason he is still considered to be finest archer of mahabharatOverall, Vimna Partho Arjuna was the most overrated warrior and robbers showed him his right place. Here some arjuna fans using multiple fake ids fooling people who haven’t read original version BORI CE/KMG mahabharata. If karna was dinosaur, arjuna was just rat before dinosaur karna.All karna fans follow this page -	Karna was more powerful. But Karma was not on his side.He was cursed by ParashuramaIn his previous birth Karna was a demon named Dambhodbhava. Who was Karna in his previous birth?In his final battle against Arjuna his chariot got stuck in the mud. He tried to use the Brahmastra, but due to Parashurama’s curse forgot how to use it. He didn’t have the Indrastra since he had used it on Ghatotkacha. As he got down to fix the wheel he requested Arjuna to stop the battle. (In lieu of general war etiquette.) However Krishna coaxed Arjuna to continue the attack stating that Karna had broken the war etiquettes during the attack against Abhimanyu.	They never got a chance to fight one on one. Also the problem with Karna was that even being a master Archer, he didn’t have all the divine weapons and Arjuna was having a ton of them. That is why he was able to defeat Karna and the others at the War of Matsya Kingdom. But the use of divine weapons was restricted during the Mahabharata and in that scenario Karna was better as he was a faster archer.	Though karna was great warrior,he never had the blessings of the god I.e,daivabal,or gurubal,nor any punya phal.that was the reason why karna would loose every battle with pandavas who were protected by the devine power Krishna himself..	
Who is the youngest of the Kauravas	Vikarna is the youngest of Kauravas.He is the only man who resisted the idea of Draupadi vastrapaharan but no one listened to him.	
Can we Compare Game of Thrones with Mahabharat If so How	A noble and honest king Pandu (Ned Stark), lives far far away from all the politics of the center with his five children Yudhistira, Bhima, Arjuna, Nakula, and Sahadeva (Robb, Sansa, Arya, Bran, and Rickon) but gets killed, leaving all his children to struggle.A sympathetic character, the true heir to the throne, a lovable bastard of the family, struggling hard to achieve what is his, Karna (Jon Snow).A strong female lead, a fire born, changing the rules of the game and playing an important role in the great war, Draupadi (Daenerys Targaryen).A witty minister in the enemy side, not a warrior but a great tactician with a controversial birth, hated by his siblings but still doing good for the realm, Vidhura (Tyrion Lannister).A mastermind who loves chaos, an outsider, always behind the scene but causes most of the conflicts, Shakuni (Petyr Baelish).A good for nothing king, totally blinded by love of his children, causing mayhem in the realm, Dhritarashtra (Cersei Lannister).How’s that for a comparison?	Just adding to the the answers here. After watching S05EP10, SPOILERS AHEAD》 Jon Snow has a lot in common with Karna. Kunti+Surya = Karna and R+L=J but both were treated as low borns, a son a of charioteer and a bastard respectively. Both of them were rightful heirs to the throne. Karna knew nothing for the most part, same as Jon.Both were killed by deceit. Karna was fixing the chariot's wheel and was not prepared when he was attacked. Snow was called out of the chamber by deceit. And all this was for the Dharma (read 'watch' in Jon's case).And Jon still knows nothing. <weeps>	Halfway in to the Game Of Thrones the same thought had struck me. Both stories have a plethora of characters, intricate sub-plots and all characters have grey shades....A major difference is that Mahabharat was spread across a very long time (almost 3-4 generations) whereas ASOIF is much more compact, but spread geographically...They are both epics, so a comparison is natural...	
How many times did Karna fart on Hanumans face when he conquered the Vanara kingdom	You are a PERVERT sir.	
If Lord Krishna knows everything why did he test Barbarika s skills	LORD KRISHNA KNOWS EVERYTHING. HE KNOWS THE PAST, PRESENT AND THE FUTURE.As far as I understood his acts he was actually teaching a lesson to the foolish pledge of Barbarik. Brabarik took a pledge that he will on that side which is weak. He didn’t even what does the pledge mean. Apart from that Lord Krishna wanted to tell there some warriors who would have been unaffected with his strength and skills.Bhisma would have been unaffected as he had would die only when he wanted. Karana would have been unaffected as he had Kavach and Kundal. Drona cannot be killed until he had a bow in his hand. And above all Lord Krishna was unaffected. But yes Barbarik would have taken their army for sure. But when they have a great potentials leaders like Bhisma, then just finishing an Army is not enough.	In MB Gatotkach son name is Anjanaparvan who died at hands of Ashwathama. If he was son of Gatotkach then who was Babreek and why did mother not ask Anjanparvan to take side of weak? Why was he fighting for Pandavas?No Babreek is mentioned in Mahabharat. The idea is later addition from Skanda purana. Everything about Babrik is contrary to the Mahabharata and copied from parallel events.	This is one of the best questions I answers ever. First let me explain you the oath then i will give you answer for your question.The oath given by Barbareek to his mother Kamakantaki was he will fight from the weak side. As the kaurava army comprises of great warriors like Bheeshma, Drona, Kripacharya, Ashwatdhama, Karna, Dhyurodhana, Vikarna, Shalya etc.. he thought that pandavas are weak compared with kauravas so he will fight from pandavas side.Lord krishna analysis on Barbareeka's oath:When he start fight from pandava's side he starts killing kauravas. After some time kauravas become weaker than pandavs. So according to his oath he has to fight from kauravas side and kill pandavas. This makes pandavas weaker than kauravas. This cycle goes on until Barbareeka kill every single person in both sides. Hence lord krishna went to explain his foolosh oath.Remember the battle between Krishna and Arjuna. When Arjuna promissed Gaya that he will Gaya from Krishna, Krishna spared Gaya's life. Krishna faught with Arjuna only to make the world knew about the powers of Arjuna.In the same way as you said Krishna knew every thins, he also knew that he has to kill Barbareeka in order to maintain balance in the war. But if he simply killed Barbareeka, his skills were remain hidden. So inorder to make world know the power of Barbareeka, Krishna tested his power.Additional info:Barbareeka got three arrows from lord shiva. These arrows can be compared with modern weapon guided missile. Barbareeka has to shoot three arrows. He may shoot them in any direction but he need to specify the area which they are to be landed.The first arrow marks the targets.The second arrow freezes the targets.The third arrow hits them all.Note:Barbareeka cannot survive in war if he took part in the war. Bheeshma, Dronacharya, Karna, Ashwatdhama, Kripacharya…all these warriors are capable of killing Barbareeka. But with his three arrows he can take the lives of entire army in few seconds. Hence krishna killed Barbareeka.	Thank you for asking this question.Lord Krishna is known as bhakta Vatsal which mean very dear to His devotees. Barbarik was a great devotee of Lord Krishna. When he was in his childhood his grandmother Hidimba told that anybody who die in the hand of Lord Krishna receive Mukti. From this time onwards his only wish was to die in the hand of Lord Krishna.So Barbarik underwent strick Tapasya and become very powerful. Now as he became powerful he feels himself worthy enough to be killed by Lord Krishna.So Barbarik desires that he should be tested by Lord what he is capable of. How he is different from others and what he can actually do.Thus Lord Krishna being the wish fulfiller of His devotees and being the knower of Barbarik's desire reciprocated his devotion by giving him opportunity to undergo test and finally provided Mukti.With what desire we approach to the Lord, the Lord will reciprocate with us the same way. If we approach with love, He will reciprocate with love (eg. Pandavas, Akrura, 16000 abducted princesses, etc.) and He will reciprocate as enemy who approaches with enemity such as Kamsa, Shishupal, Duryadhana, etc.Hope you found the answer.Hare Krishna…	Great Question. It is not the way directly to go to Barbarika and ask him to not participate in war because that is not recommended when asking a great warrior like Barbarika. Lord Krishna needs to test him because he wanted to make Barbarika also know why Krishna wanted to test him and what Lord Krishna wanting from him.So it will give a clear idea to Barbarika so it is easy for Lord Krishna to stop him to not participate in war and to ask Barbarika’s head.That’s why Lord Krishna need to test Barbarika’s skills even though he knows everything.Check related: Barbarika should never be allowed to fight, grandson of Bhima	No it's a fake character and No such incident as per original Mahabharat. If you further doubt me , I have gone through all pages of Udhyoga Parva and also Bhishma Parva for you ( also for refreshing my memory of each and every incident) but I didn't find any such character or incident of the magical arrow. I can't provide any reference link for this as it's fake	
What was the final outcome of Mahabharat	Deceit, Lust, Anger, Envy and lot more negative qualities accumulated on the side of Kauravas were thrashed and buried. Of course, Pandavas though they have done good to the society, some guilty feeling was there in the mind of Yudhishtar, that he became a mass killer. Krishna and Vyas suggested to perform Aswamedha Yaga to wipe out sins, if any and Yudhishtar performed and once again all sins on Pandavas side were purified. Dharma was established in the world. And we all have been blessed to under stand “what to do” and “what not to do” as a human being. Be blessed.	It was originally named Jaya meaning Victory. Well it was not victory over others it is just victory over oneself.To know how n why. Please read the 18th chapter of Jaya.	
Why did Bhishma Pitamah happen to take astrasanyasa upon seeing Shikhandi Is there anything related to his brahmacharya	To know about the context of asrasanyasa by Bhishmapitamaha after seeing Shikhandi, we need to know about both of them.Bhishma was born as Devavratha to King Shanthanu and Ganga Devi, the eternal river goddess. It is said that he was the eighth Vasus.The history behind Bhishma's birth is as follows — once the eight Vasus ("Ashtavasus") visited Vashishta's ashram accompanied by their wives. One of the wives took a fancy to Kamadhenu, Vashishta's wish-bearing cow and asked her husband Prabhasa to steal it from Vashishta. Prabhasa then stole the cow with the help of the others who were all consequently cursed by Vashishta to be born in the world of humans.Upon the Vasus appealing to Vashishta's mercy, the seven Vasus who had assisted in stealing Kamadhenu had their curse mitigated such that they would be liberated from their human birth as soon as they were born; however, Prabhasa being protagonist of the theft, was cursed to endure a longer life on the earth. The curse, however is softened to the extent that he would be one of the most illustrious men of his time. It was this Prabhasa who took birth as Bhishma.The other seven Vasus were drowned into the river by their mother Ganga Devi. But, Devavratha was trained by several Sages and Devas, including Parashuram,Vashishta, Sukracharya, Brihaspathi and Indra, the celestial God. He became Bhishma due to his Bhishana Pratignya (literally, terrible oath) — the vow of lifelong Brahmacharya and of service to whomever sat on the throne of his father (the throne of Hastinapur). He took this oath so that his father, Shantanu could marry a fisherwoman Satyavati — Satyavati's father had refused to give his daughter's hand to Shantanu on the grounds that his daughter's children would never be rulers. This made Shantanu despondent, and upon discovering the reason for his father's despondency,Devavratha sought out the girl's father and promised him that he would never stake a claim to the throne, implying that the child born to Shantanu and Satyavati would become the ruler after Shantanu. At this, Satyavati's father retorted that even if Devavratha gave up his claim to the throne, his (Devavratha's) children would still claim the throne. Devavratha then took the vow of lifelong celibacy, thus sacrificing his 'crown-prince' title and denying himself the pleasures of conjugal love. This gave him immediate recognition among the gods. His father granted him the boon of Ichcha Mrityu (control over his own death — he could choose the time of his death, making him immortal till his chosen time of death, instead of completely immortal which would have been an even more severe curse and cause of suffering).After this, king Shanthanu and Satyavathi bore a boy named Vichitravirya. He was physically weak and hence, to get him married, Bhishma attacked king of Kashi and abducted the three princesses Amba, Ambika and Ambalika. Amba was in love with Salwa, the ruler of Saubala. Hence, Bhishma left her to return to him, but Salwa rejected her, as he was defeated by Bhishma when he tried to save her. When Amba asked Bhishma to marry her, he refused due to his vow. Thus, dejected, Amba vowed to reborn to be the reason for Bhishma's death.Even Parashuram, his guru, couldn't convince or force Bhishma to marry Amba and Amba, with Lord Shiva’s boon,was born as Shikhandini, who became Shikhandi for one day.In the Kurukshetra war, when Duryodhana accused Bhishma to be soft on Pandavas, he vowed either to kill Arjuna or let Sri Krishna break His vow of not lifting a weapon. And Bhishma could fulfil the latter condition, even though Arjuna being a great warrior couldn't defeat his Grand Uncle. So, to break the stalemate, Sri Krishna and Pandavas went to Bhishma to know how to win. Bhishma, as he loved Pandavas, hinted that as long as he has his weapons in his hands, none can defeat him and as long as he fights someone born as male, he wouldn't put down his weapons down in the battlefield.Hence, Sri Krishna, despite the technique being Adharma, asked Arjuna to be accompanied by Shikhandi. Bhishma let down his weapons upon seeing Shikhandi, thus sacrificing his life, as Arjuna pierced him with several arrows and laid bed of arrows (Sharasayya) for Bhishmapitamaha, the mightiest warrior of his time to lay down to rest. He offered Pathala Ganga to Bhishma by hitting his arrow into the earth. He did wait for about 58 nights for the winter solstice or first day of Uttarayana to give up his body on the arrow bed. Mahabharata states that he attained salvation after his death. He was granted the Maatru Lok (which is considered even above Swarga, the heaven).	
As per Mahabharata If Bhagwan Krishna tribes have died due to Gandhari Curse then how can present Yadavas claim lineage to Bhagwan Krishna	A few like KrTavarma, UDDhava, KrishNa’s sons, who survived, perhaps proliferated. Indians are very adept in multiplying in numbers, rather than wealth.	
Who is Urvi in the Mahabharata	There is no Urvi in the Mahabharata,the Epic. that belonged to Vedavyasa. She was created by novelists as Karna’s wife, Karna never married any princess as per the Epic. He himself tells Krishna that he married women from Suta caste.ExcerptKarna said“It is that Adhiratha, again, who caused the name Vasusena to be bestowed upon me by the Brahmanas.When also I attained to youth, I married wives according to his selections. Through them have been born my sons and grandsons, My heart also, O Krishna, and all the bonds of affection and love, are fixed on them”Karna married as per Adhiratha’s selection and he was happy with his wives.Karna never attended any swayamvar of so called princess Urvi.But today not only Urvi was promoted as Karna’s wife but a TV show is made on her which is endorsed by a prime channel.Now just like Vrishali and Supriya were promoted by Suryaputra Karna this Urvi will be an addition to the list. I hope people atleast try to distinguish between the Epic and Fiction.My source for thisUdyoga Parva Of Mahabharata Bori Critical EditionKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Udyoga Parva CXLI	Urvi is the wife of Karna as in the famous novel by the author Kavita Kane, Karna's Wife: The Life of an Outcast's Queen. Urvi's mention doesn't happen in any local of Vyasa's Mahabharata. The book stands apart as a fiction describing an epic in the perspective of women. Inspired by the book, a TV series called Karnasangini is going to be aired on STAR PLUS, an exclusive by the makers of Devon ke Dev…Mahadev.	
Who is the son of Arjun and Draupadi	Srutakarma. He was one of the ‘Upandavas’ (sons of Pandavas) along with Prativindhya (son of Yudhisthira and Draupadi), Sutasoma (son of Bhima and Draupadi), Satanika (son of Nakula and Draupadi) and Srutasena (son of Sahadeva and Draupadi) and step brother of Abhimanyu (son of Subhadra and Arjuna) .Srutakarma fought the Kurukshetra war along side with the Pandavas. He fought bravely with Aswatthama and Dushasana. He killed king Chitrasena on the 16th day of the great war.Unfortunately, he was killed by Aswatthama, Son of Dronacharya, in his sleep.	Draupadi begot five sons by pandava brothers. Since kunthi had made Draupadi promise that she would treat all her husband's equally Draupadi could not disclose the identity of the fathers of her children	
Is Shakuni a mixture of good and evil qualities in Mahabharata Why do some people worship him	I have heard and read a lot about Shakuni and how he played a vital role in enraging the war. He have a lot of bad qualities but I think every human being have good and bad qualitiesShakuni was extremely intelligent and equally devious as well.His love towards sister.	
Is it necessary to know Mahabharata to understand full essence of Bhagawad Gita	No.Surely not. Not for the eternal message it conveys, which is beyond the time. That time-independent knowledge is valid now in 21st century, was valid in 5000 BCE, and stays equally valid even after several millennia.However, Gita makes references to Shree Krishna, Arjuna, Sanjaya. It calls the words by Krishna as ‘Bhagawan says’. It also makes brief reference to Dhrutarastra, Duryodhan, Pandavas, Bheeshma and few more warriors. To understand these names, you should at least have some basic understanding of Mahabharat. Knowing them, and knowing the context of Arjuna’s dilemma would greatly help you in getting the totality of the message of Gita.But do not take it if someone says you have to read whole of Mahabharata before coming to Gita. It is not necessary. Mahabharata is so huge and takes long time to fully study. A serious seeker would not expense all that time, he’ll straight jump to Gita with Shankara Bhashya.	Answer : Yes.What most people do not know is that Mahabratha is an epic story that showcases the various aspects of Bhavagad Gita and what it trying to teach Humanity. Reading Bhavagad Gita alone could not be sufficient if you do not have examples of what they are trying to teach and those examples are found in Mahabratha.For example, the Kauravas symbolizes the various negative qualities which humans possess. Duryodhana’s relationship with Karna - Kunti Devi’s first born. Padavas which symbolises human’s positive qualities. Kauravas’ and Pandavas’ relationship. The Elders and their role as well as Sri Krishna and His divine role. All these are lessons to be learned as one reads the Bhavagad Gita.	Bhagwad Geeta is extremely popular in various parts of the world. Global citizens are not familiar with Mahabharat but they value the philosophy described in it. Arjun was at the verge of fighting the biggest battle of his life. The opposition party involved his own family members. This made him confused about his righteous duties. He sought shelter of Krishna who chose to be his charioteer. Much like golf players have caddies- except Krishna was not expecting any payment for his services. Just like Arjun amidst the battle is confused, WE all are in some form of battle in life. Every moment we face with situation where we need to make a decision. Quite often we get in to situation where we get confused. Teachings of Bhagwad Geeta helps up to think clearly and do our best. This knowledge is so profound and convincing that hippies of New York City became devotee of lord Krishna. From hippies they became happies. They propagated this knowledge across globe with the blessings of Shri Pradbhupad and ISKCON. This proves that knowledge is not necessary. It is undiluted devotion Bhakti that is needed to understand Bhagwad Geeta. This is the essence of teachings of Bhagwad Geeta.Bg 18.55“bhaktyā mām abhijānātiyāvān yaś cāsmi tattvataḥtato māṁ tattvato jñātvāviśate tad-anantaramSynonyms:bhaktyā — by pure devotional service; mām — Me; abhijānāti — one can know; yāvān — as much as; yaḥ caasmi — as I am; tattvataḥ — in truth; tataḥ — thereafter; mām — Me; tattvataḥ — in truth; jñātvā — knowing; viśate — he enters; tat-anantaram — thereafter.Translation:One can understand Me as I am, as the Supreme Personality of Godhead, only by devotional service. And when one is in full consciousness of Me by such devotion, he can enter into the kingdom of God. “	Being a part of Mahabharata Bhagavad Gita is totally different thing.To know the essence of Bhagavad Gita you should know about the characters, place and the reason for the war.Bhagavad Gita is not an ordinary book it contains the science of life, full of transcendental knowledge, doctrine of all the problems.Its not that important to know about mahabharta but should have infi. about the characters as first chapter contains info. about the warriors and their relations.Thank you.	Even if one knows Mahabharata there is no certainty that one can understand full essence of Bhagawadgita. Not knowing Mahabharata does not make much difference in one's ability to understand Gita.	
Was Dushala the only woman among the Kauravas	Yes, Dushala was the only woman amongst the kauravas and pandavas. She was the daughter of Dhritrastra and Gandhari. She had 105 brothers in all. She was married to the king of Sindh desh Jayadrad. Jayadrad being the brother-in-law of the kuru princes and pandavas yet he misbehaved with Draupadi during their vanvas. Pandavs punished him and as a result Jayadrad sit in the penance in the devotion of lord Shiv to get boon from him. After his penance Lord Shiv bestowed him with a boon that he could stop the Pandav sena for one day during the kurukshetra war. So Jayadrad decided the day would be Abhimanyu death. So in seeking the revenge of Abhimanyu's death Arjun killed Jayadrad.After the war when pandavs performed Ashvmegh yagy Arjun and Bheem went to Sindh with the message of peace and harmony. But Dushala misunderstood it for war and decided to fight against Arjun and kill him. Afterwards her misunderstanding was cleared and she united with them.	Yes. She was the only daughter of king Dhritarashtra and queen Gandhari and only sister of both Kauravas and Pandavas. Her childhood was fruitful as she was loved by the auspicious king and her 105 brothers.He was married to king of Sindhu, Jayadratha. Her husband was split personality, often became cruel and uncivil to women. He tried to abduct Draupadi one day while they were exiled for 13 years by Kauravas. But, Arjuna and Bhima captured him and as a punishment Bhima shaved his head. He was killed by Arjuna on 14th day of Kurukshetra war for blocking the path of Yudhisthira, Bhima, Nakul and Sahadeva to enter the 'Chakra-byuha' following Arjuna's son Abhimanyu.When Dushala heard the incident she was shocked and mourned as her world had come crashing down.	Yes,Dushala was the only sister of the Kauravas. Therefore she was the only girl child of Dhritarashtya and Gandhari.	Yes of courseDushala was the only sister of KauravasShe was married to Jaydratha king of Sindhu who was killed by ArjunaShe and Jaydratha had a son called SurathaRishi Vridhakshatra was her Father in LawDuryodhan loved her Sister very much and always supported herDushala as a lady always saw problems	Yes.Please refer to Madhurima Chakraborty as she has compiled a short and beautiful answer to this question.	Yes, Kauravas had only one sister named Duhshala.	
According to Krishna Satyaki was a superior warrior to Karna Why do Karna fans say that Karna was better than Satyaki	Karna fans are the filthiest creatures on this planet. They say that Krishna was afraid of Karna. Then what is Satyaki? Karna fans believe the entire universe revolves around Karna and Karna was the hero in the Mahabharata. They believe that the Pandavas were evil, Krishna was the devil and Duryodhan was the best king.History can be twisted to suit your own needs. Propaganda can go around and change anything. Just ignore Karna fans.	
Is it true that Karna has lust for goddess Draupadi as he urged Dushasan to disrobe her	No. Karna did not have lust for Draupadi .Background story :Kunti gave birth to Karna before marraige by enchanting a powerful mantra given by sage Dhurvasa for rendering honest services to him. Since, Karna was borned before marriage , so kunti had to abandon him to maintain her reputation and left him to float in the flowing river Ganga . Karna was retrieved by a Charioteer and his wife Radhe from the river. They brought him as their own son because of which he is called ‘Suta-putra’.During Draupadi’s Swayamvar :To find Arjun and his brothers and make Arjun his son-in-law , Draupad, father of Draupadi made arrangements for Draupadi’s Swayamvar and set an onerous task wherein the princes were supposed to shoot an arrow in the eye of the fish hung above by looking at the water reflection down. Everyone including Duryodhana failed in the task . Draupadi too wanted to marry Arjun . Karna was a very skilled, focused and best archer. When Karna rose up and was about to shoot in the eye of fish , Draupadi stood to say that she will not marry a ‘Suta-putra’ because of which karna failed in the task . He was very humiliated in front of everyone as Draupadi rejected him calling him a Suta. While Arjun won the challenge and married her ,sharing her with his four brothers. She became Panchali , wife of pandava brothers.During the Sabha parva :When Draupadi was about to be disrobed by Dusshasana in the whole assembly hall , Karna felt bad for her. Draupadi went and asked for help from Bhishma , Dronacharya and others but did not plead in front of Karna . This made Karna angry as he thought that she was humiliating him again for being ‘Suta-putra’ and he got annoyed because of which he insulted her in the hall calling her ‘unchaste’ which added to encouragement of disrobement . He later realised his words and apologized for insulting her in the courtroom.When Draupadi came to know about Karna’s real identity , she felt guilty and established a soft corner for him in the heart. She liked Karna and later apologised him for the wrong she did to him.Conclusion :No , He did not have lust for Draupadi .	
What does the Mahabharata tell us about Dharma	Ramayan and Mahabharata are the two main sources from which we are inspired and get the divine inspiration for our lives to act. Sri Mad Valmiki Ramayan is considered the Form of Veda, while, Mahabharat is considered also 5th Veda. so, both are important epics.Both Ramayana and Mahabharat teach us how to live, what to do and what not to do. But people neither like it to read Ramayan ji or Mahabharat and that is why its negative effects are also visible before us. Due to modernity and not knowing the truth, no one knows deeply Supreme Personality Lord Sri Ram nor Sri Krishna.Mahabharat tells us that one should not deviate from the path of Dharma and must not be involved in trick gimmick or any deceit.We learn from the activity of Duryodhana that one should not be so pride and greedy for the Power and throne, otherwise, its result is Mahabharat. He teaches us also that even the mighty army is not the winner, if they are at wrong or Adharma Path. Whole Kaurvas were finished in the Mahabahrat war.Every character of Ramayan and Mahabharat are highly impressible for all of us. All one from Duryodhan to Karna and Pandavas preach us of their characters.The characters in Mahabharat are more close to today’s life and can be related easily. Mahabharat contains every human feeling from love, courage, truth, honesty, wisdom, like to hatred, cowardice, lies, deceit, foolishness and dislikes. People can really relate to all these feelings of greed and revenge. All the bad and unlawful activities prevalent today like lust, narcissism, eve teasing etc. can all be found in this epic.And very rightly it depicts that the consequences of all these wrongful activities are miserable, it never ends well.Although the Mahabharat war was fought over 5000 years ago, its still relevant one. Its lesson is the clear cut messages to all those who do not like Lord Ram or Krishna or those who are involved in Adharma Path. Those who are evils and do not follow the path of Dharma will have to finish one day.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram/	Read this post, Pradip Gangopadhyay's answer to What is a human being's Dharma according to ancient Hinduism (or Sanatan Dharma)?, for the answer.	What is the role of dharma in Mahabharata? | eNotes.	
What is the physical proof that the Mahabharata happened	Dwaraka itself is the proof.Archaeological department found there are few antiques recovered from seabed where the golden city is sunk 5000 years ago.The Epic is mentioned in various sculptures of civilization like formation of Padmavyuha, depiction and armies arranged in order etc.Kruta Yuga, Treta Yuga, Dwapara Yuga and now we have Kali Yuga.	
Why did Karna hate the Kingdoms of Iron Age India like Matsya Gandhara and others etc	Whether Karna hated them or not we can not say. However, when the King of Madra , Salya, was belittling him while he needed the moral support in his crucial war with Arjuna , he did comment on the people of Madra.The women of Madra kingdom were allowed more freedom compared to Aryavarta and one has to pay the right price to marry a girl in that country. This was not a practice in other parts and viewed with a contempt that daughters were being sold out for money.Another practice was the soldiers of Madra were mercenaries and they participate in battles for money rather than for a cause. These practices were frowned upon by many in Aryavarta, and Karna was one of them.	
How many wives did Krishna have and what are all their names	Lord Krishna has total 16,108 wives. 8 (Patrani) Chief wives also called as Ashta-bharya.1) रुक्मणि (Rukmani is the First wife of Shri krishna), 2)Satyabhama (सत्यभामा) , 3)Kalindi (कालिन्दी), 4) Mitrabinda (मित्रबिन्दा),5) Satya (सत्या), 6)Bhadra (भद्रा) 7) (Laxmanaa) 8)Jambavati Other 16,000 are princesses whoes are Abduct by Demon Narkasur, Lord Krishna released them from the captivity of the demon Narakasura.Narakasuran and his kingdom, Pragjyotisha, find mention in both the Mahabharat and the Ramayana. Drunk with power, as Narakasuran knew himself to be unrivalled in prowess, he brought all the kingdoms on earth under his control. Next, he turned his eyes towards Swargaloka (heaven). Even the mighty Indra could not withstand the assault of Narakasur. Narakasura had become the overlord of both the heavens and earth. Addicted to power, he stole the earrings of Aditi, the heavenly mother goddess, and usurped some of her territory, while also kidnapping 16,000 women. In ancient time there is custom, If Any Man Abduct a women or Win her in Swayamvar (A ceremony where bride select her groom ) will be his property. According to rules, no other man will accept her as a wife rather than him. Lord Krishna released the princesses from captive of Narkasur & slay him with the help his wife satyabhama. According to rule no other prince want to accept the princesses as his wife. To give them proper status in Society, Krishna married with them all.That's why Krishna had 16,108 wives. 16,000 Girls are incarnation of Apsaras. Lord Krishna make reflica of himself & spend time with each wife, at same time.	
In the Ramayan and Mahabharata which battle is last longest	Mahabharat.	
Who was Vidura in the Mahabharata	Vidura was son of queen Ambika's (wife of Vichitravirya) maid Parisrami and sage Vysa.(author of Mahabharata). So, in Mahabharata, he is often referred as Dasi-putra. He was the step brother of Dhritarashtra and Pandu and uncle of Kauravas and Pandavas. Barring Lord Krishna,Vidura was the most respected adviser by the Pandavas, whom he forewarned on various occasions of Duryodhana's plot to kill them, such as Duryodhana's plan to burn them alive with their mother Kunti in the house of wax. He was very knowledgeable person and 'Pradhan-mantri' of Hastinapur. He opposed the deceiving dice-game and raised his voice in favour of Draupadi along with Vikarna. (The third Kaurava). When, Krishna visited Hastinapur for peace deal, He refused Duryodhana's offer to stay in the royal palace and eat with him, preferring instead the home of Vidura, because Krishna knew that the food whichVidura presented with love and affection. In protest against the Kurukshetra war, Vidura resigned from the post of prime-minister.	
Who was more of an avatar of Vishnu Krishna Pradyumna Aniruddha or Balarama	Radhey Radhey“Who was more of an avatar…”The question itself is contradictory. Consider yourself standing at the terrace of your house, which, again consider, is your daily practice before retiring to bed. Now if you take the stairs and come down each day, then someday I may ask you, “Today, Did you come down more than you did yesterday?” What will your response be then?Avatar means nothing fancy or magical. Someone is above, they came down, this only is called Avatar. Avataranam iti avatarah. Its just a different thing that Lord of infinite universes can have many non different divine bodies, and can come down as four people(Chaturvyuh). Please don’t have a differentiating intellect in any of the Lord’s Avataras, It’s a Namaparadha(Spiritual transgression). All of the Lord’s names, avataras, forms, pastimes, qualities, abodes and saints are totally non different: Each one has all the others residing completely in them.Hope it helps :)Radhey Radhey	
Why did the Kauravas hate the Pandavas from the beginning of their childhood	The root cause of jealousy is fear and insecurity.Yes, so one can successfully presume that the jealousy of Kauravas were based on the fears and insecurities they had foreseen, a possible threat of deprivation, from the Pandavas’ activities.Though a little bit of history and knowledge of the epic is quite necessary to understand and answer the present question better.Pandu and Dhritharastra were brothers, both had a same paternal identity, sons of Shantanu (truly Ved Vyas).Though Dhritarashtra was elder to Pandu, but Pandu was offered the throne as Dhritharashtra was born-blind.After a few years of reigning, Pandu, through the virtue of his mischievous activities (Papa-karma) got inflicted by a powerful curse by a renowned sage.He left the kingdom, with both of his wives Kunti and Madri, went to a forest and on the other hand Dhritarashtra got the throne of Hastinapur.Pandu got a curse, that he would die for sure, if he have sex with a woman. But unfortunately, one day, influenced by the voluptuous form of Madri, he indulged in, what he was cursed for. He forgot his curse and thus he ended up by dying.By then, Kunti was able to get a boon of three children and Madri two, by different demigods. Kunti got a boon, in the form of a mantra, which, whenever chanted in addressal to any god, would yield a child boy from that god.Later Madri gave up her life in the funeral pyre of her husband, grief-stricken and conscious-stricken. Kunti started to look after her two boys as her own children, along with her three children already. They formed the great Pandava.Madri giving up her mortal body in the funeral pyre of PanduMeanwhile in Hastinapur kingdom, Gandhari was too pregnant. She had always wished that her son would be the king of Aryabarta, or Hastinapur, which was its capital.But when she heard Kunti gave birth to a son, prior her; she got jealous, as the eldest one would be the king of Hastinapur.Thus the birth of Kauravas was itself based on Jealousy, Grudge and Acrimony, inflicted by their own mother when she was pregnant.The history ends here.The next stage of the story begins in Hastinapur itself, where the Kauravas were growing amidst celebrations and dreaming to be the future kings, completely oblivious of the fact that their elder cousins were growing up in forest.According to facts in Mahabharata, Yuddhishthira was sixteen years old when Kunti came to live again in Hastinapur along with Gandhari.Kauravas got their first shock then. They were dreaming to be the kings but when they got to know that Pandavas are elder to them, they could not stand.Thus the insecurities grew amidst the veil of fear, paving a way for lifelong rivalry and hearts, so dark, engulfed by the emotions of jealousy and grudge.I think I have answered the question that was asked. The true cause and reason behind Kauravas’ jealousy to Pandavas.Throughout their life, Kauravas left no stone unturned to harass and deprive the Pandavas of their luck and fortune. Even they plotted to kill the Pandavas from a very tender age, like they threw Bheema in lake in order to murder him, disguising as his friend.This fact is quite evident if we analyze the epic from burning of the wooden guesthouse to Draupadi harassment, Kauravas throughout their life had wanted to harass Pandavas and gain the throne.The reason is rivalry coupled with jealousy resulting from long build insecurities and fear.Dhritharashtra with KauravBut on a last not I would say, that in the presence of Krishna, The Supreme God the jealousy of Kauravas couldn’t do anything to Pandavas.Thank you.(picture source- Google)	Thanks for this question.I m writing answer after long time.Let's assume Your father is a Rich man ( Born Rich not selfmade rich ) , his brother left the house years ago saying that he will never return and will have no right over property. Now, your uncle is dead and his widow comes with her five sons. People say that those sons are actually not of your Uncle but of some gods . Still you are happy to having more brothers to play with, your father can easily afford to raise your cousins living. They are living in your lavish house, and getting equal opportunities that you have.In play, your cousins are better then you at the beginning. ( Bhima was the strongest in raw power since childhood, but Duryodhan made himself best Mace fighter after continuous hardwork - in raw power bhima was more powerful, but Duryodhan was More skillful )Then the strongest of your cousins will start hitting you and your brothers. He will break bones of your brothers. He will hold your brothers , push their head in water and will leave them only when they are about to drawn in water. He will kick the Tree on which your brothers are sitting to ear fruits, the trees will fall down and your brothers got injured. And no elder will tell anything to this bully cousin of yours and your other cousins are ( silently ) supporting their bully brother.Now tell me will you like it that your cousins who are living in your house are harrasing you and your brothers ?For proofs of my above statements please go through my another answerVishvjeetsinh Rana's answer to What if Bhishma killed Duryodhana in the name of Dharma when he poisoned Bhima?Now one more point, you were told from your childhood that you will be the managing director of the company of your father. Now , a boy whose ( adoptice father) had forsaken all rights in company, will come from no where and now they demand either full Control over company or equal share, will you like it ?Now that's the reason why Kaurvas hated Pandvas since their childhood. But there is not a single inceident in entire mahabharat that Kaurvas ever harmed anyone in public as shown in fake TV shows like Starplus Mahabharat. But Pandvas had enmity with many. They killed Innocent Humans and all animals at Khandva forest ( they didn't do that because they didn't had a palace to live, they were already having a palace , but still they killed all innocent humans so that they can gain some weapons from Agni Dev ) , they Burnt innocent Old Nishada women along with her five Sons ( who came to their palace in search of food , Kunti mixed alcohol in their food and Pandvas escaped the Vax palace leaving the 6 dead bodies of these innocent Nishada people ). And the list of misdeeds if Pandvas is long. But I'll write a separate post for that.	Not all Kauravas hate Pandavas,Yuyutsu was the son of Dhritarashtra and Sugadha. Yuyutsa is half Kaurava and Half dasiputra. Many of Duryodhana's brother were aware of his wrong doings but all of the loyal to him during the war except the only kaurava i.e Yuyutsu who didn't fight for them and decided to be on the other side i.e Pandavas.Coming to your question.Duryodhana carried a huge hatred for Bhima, primarily due to Bhima’s physical strength with which he dominated the Kaurava brothers in sports and fights, which in turn incited a sense of threat in Duryodhana.Duryodhana was the eldest son of Dhritarashtra whereas Yudhishthira was the eldest son of Pandu (Yudhishthira was elder than Duryodhan). Duryodhan grew up in the castle believing that he was the righful heir of hastinapur. Duryodhana firmly believed that the Pandavas did not belong to the Kuru lineage and still afraid to get the king position because Yudhishthira is there before him.As everyone knows Arjuna is great fighter / Archer . Duryodhana knows before that if both kauravas and Pandavas had to fight for kingdom defently Arjuna make Pandavas win.As per my knowledge the main reason would be the Hastinapur s throne.	It was more of envy and insecurity which slowly morphed into hate. And it was mostly Duryodhan and perhaps Dusshasan. The other Kauravas were mostly like sheep that followed their eldest brother. There are many reasons for it:-Duryodhan had grown up with the expectation of being king. Perhaps he had been groomed for it too. And then suddenly there come these forest dwellers and he is ordered to share everything with them. Not only that one of these uncouth forest dwellers was older than him so he had to concede his authority and possibly his claim too to Yudhishtir. Naturally Duryodhan felt angry and insecure.The Kauravas had grown up as princes while the Pandavas had grown up in relative poverty. They didn't really know or understand the refined behavior of palaces. So the Kauravas treated them with contempt. But surprisingly all the Pandavas were better than Kauravas at their games. Especially Bheema was stronger and faster. So they were all extremely jealous.Bheema to put it blunty was a bully. He was not evil but he never really held back his strength. He beat the Kauravas up fairly regularly. It is not surprising that Duryodhan hated him.	Good Question!There are many reasons :Pandavas are considered as adversaries by Kauravas in the matter of succession to the throne. They believed that since these 5 brothers are sons of Gods not directly born to Pandu, brother of Dhritarastra, they are not to be given kingdom.Pandavas, especially Yudhistira is the scion of Dharma, he grew popular in the people of Hastinapura as a man who can shine his father's name. His brothers obey him and Vidura taught him well.Bhima and Arjuna are well versed in art of warfare, they excelled Kauravas and obtained support of Drona and Kripa.Bhishma believes that Yudhistira being a crown prince shall bring fame and prosperity to Hastinapura.Kauravas tricked them by giving a forest as a share of Kingdom, but they turned it to Indraprasta which surpassed Hastinapura with respect to people. Amazing.Every time, everywhere, Pandavas stood 10 steps forward to Kauravas in every aspect.Kauravas needed a chief protector and Refugee if they ever have to fight Pandavas, Time has given them Karna. He established supremacy of Duryodhana for 13 years in entire land in the absence of Pandavas. He made sure that Vaishnava Sacrifice is performed well above Rajasuya.	It probably had multiple reasons.Dritarastra knew his son was not the eldest of the lineage and in all probability Yudisthira would be first choice.But he was raising Duryodhana as heir of the kingdom possibly believing Pandavas won’t come back.So when Pandavas returned to Hastinapur after the accidental death of Pandu, they posed numerous problems to Duryodhana in particular.First and direct problem was throne - Yudisthira poses a direct threat to his throne.Duryodhana wanted the throne for himself possibly growing up hearing the story of how his father was denied to be the King because of his disabilities.So there could be multiple reason behind his ‘attraction to Hastinapur Throne’- his father’s unfulfilled ambition, his own ambition of getting throne and to ensure his own future generations remains in throne forever (one of the important reason).Second problem was Bhima - Initially when pandavas came back from forest, Kouravas tried to over run them thinking 100 brothers could be more than enough for 5.But it turned out other way around - Bhima singlehandedly beat them up, defeated them in every single sporting contest such as running, wrestling or any mode of fighting.Bhima was successful in inflicting a fear among kouravas and simultaneously able to protect his own brothers from any dangers.So as long as Bhima was present, Kouravas could no longer dominate the field in their own ground.Think Duryodhana was son of reigning king and he is being dominated by people who came from forest with no political back up.So he felt insecure that throne will go away from his hand and further if they had to stay under Yudisthira’s rule, Bhima would have a free run.Now the conflict what I mentioned was more of childhood conflict. Bhima had no political intention of beating or inflicting insecurities on Kouravas.But Duryodhana was always ahead in time when it comes to throne and therefore he tried to kill Pandavas, specially Bhima in numerous ways such as poisoning.On top of that Hastinapur people in general and a section of elders of Kuru family were specially fond of Pandavas which also made Duryodhana jealous about them.	
Do you think what Dronacharya did was right Why or why not	Dronacharya did many things….Which one are you talking about ?Be it The Episode between King DRUPADA and Dronacharya,Or The Episode of eklavya……and there are many more……plz be specific	
Why did Madri mother of Nakula and Sahadeva commit sati but any queen of Dasaratha father of Rama and brothers didn t	King Pandu had two queens Kunti(mother of Yudhisthir,Bheem,Arjun) and Madri(mother of Nakul and Sahdev). So, once king Pandu went out on hunting and mistakenly he hit the arrow at a masculine bird when he was with his female counterpart. A rishi had disguised himself as the masculine bird and when the arrow was hit to him he had cursed Pandu that he would also die in the same manner.Therefore, Kunti used to take care that she not go close to Pandu otherwise he would die. But alas, Pandu could not resist and he tried to get intimate with Madri since she was very beautiful, she resisted but he didn't stop and consequently Pandu died the moment he went close to Madri. Madri considered herself to be the cause of Pandu's death and decided to commit sati. This system of committing Sati was prevelant at that time. As Pandu had two wives so both would had committed sati. But Madri insisted Kunti to remain alive to look after the children. Most specifically Madri was full of guilt.On the other hand in Ramayana none of King Dasarath's queens commit sati because the situation was different and it wasn’t important to commit sati.	
Are Lord Krishnas eyes actually red	NO. The Authors of Puranas like Srimad Bhagavatam and the Poets of devotional scriptures have written that Sreekrishna’s eyes were like red lotus petals..Lotus eyed Krishna…This doesn’t have any literary meaning. It is a metaphor used to project the shape and beauty of Krishna’s eyes; very beautiful and attractive like lotus petals!Also lotus is a flower which grows in water but don’t get wet . Hence Lotus is used as a simile. In spiritual scriptures Lotus is used as a symbol of detachment . Detachment is due to SELF AWARENESS . A detached person will live in this world without getting entrapped in worldly temptations or turmoils. Because he knows that he is soul, just a witness to the world or field of experiences!Krishna was an incarnation of God .So he was fully aware of his SELF and blissfully carried out all his duties without any attachment to its result or his ego. Egoless and selfless actions! That Means he was not affected by worldly temptations or turmoils. He was like a witness.. He saw but not involved!!!Hence Rishis and poets said Krishna’s eyes were like Lotus indicating his detachment and self awareness. . But unfortunately some people accepted the literary meaning and think that colour of Krishna’s eyes were Red.. This happened because of their ignorance about the indicative meaning of the metaphoric word LOTUS EYED Krishna…Kamal Netra, Kamalaksha and Ambujaksha etc..	Red does not mean fully red.If you don’t sleep for a while, or don’t close your eyes for a while, the eyes become reddish.It is said that the eyes of spiritual people are red like that.That is what it means.Ramakrishna ParamahamsaHow he looked to others…“I saw uncle prepare an Arghya consisting of china-roses and Vilva leaves, touch his head, his bosom, all his limbs, and even his own feet with it and at last offer it at the lotus feet of the Mother of the universe. ...“I saw his bosom and eyes always reddish like those of a drunkard. Reeling in that condition, he left the worshipper’s seat, and ascending the altar caressed the divine Mother by affectionately touching Her chin and began singing, laughing, joking, and conversing with Her; or, sometimes, he caught hold of Her hands and danced. ...seemed to othershttp://www.ramakrishnavivekanand...Recalling his condition at the time of Sadhana, one day the Master said to us, “Those who used to come here at that time had the idea of God kindled very soon in the company of ‘here’ (i.e., himself). Two youths used to come from Baranagar; they were low by birth; may be Kaivarta or Tamli; they were very good; they had great love and reverence for ‘here’ and used to come very often. One day I was sitting with them under the Panchavati when a certain state came on one of them I saw that his breast grew red, eyes deep red; streams of tears were rolling down; he could neither speak nor stand; he was just like one who had drunk two bottles of wine. That mood of his was in no way coming to an end. I was then afraid and said to the Mother. ‘What have you done to him, Mother? People will say I have done something and brought about that condition in him. He has his father and others, he will have to go home just now.’ I passed my hand over his chest while I was saying so to Mother. He then became somewhat calm and went home a little afterwards.”http://www.ramakrishnavivekanand...	No. If he had red eyes, he would be called Pingalaksha. It is said many times in Bhagavatham that Krishna had lotus eyes, which refers to the size and shape of his eyes.	
Why should we take the Mahabharata at face value if it is the victors who get to write history Isnt it more so when at the beginning the Mahabharata states Pandavas as following the path of Dharma and Kauravas	Firstly, Mahabharata was written by Bhagavan Vyasa who was as much the progenitor of the Kauravas as the Pandavas. In as much, he was pretty neutral an observer who has narrated the events as he witnessed. He was neither the victor nor the loser to take sides and be partial. His inclination was towards dharma, and he has honestly recorded who were following the path of dharma and who weren’t. Other than that, he had no personal reasons to play favouritism towards the Pandavas. What reasons do we have to suspect that he has twisted the truth? The charge that it is the victors who get to write history would stand if it were the Pandavas who wrote the Mahabharata, which isn’t the case.Secondly, if it were the victors who wrote the Mahabharata, why would they end their own story in such a miserable way? The Pandavas had hardly ruled for a few decades from Hastinapura when they came to know of Krishna’s departure from this world, and unable to live without him, they too followed suit. If at all it were their intention to glorify themselves at the cost of twisting the truth, they could have built a grand narrative of having ruled and enjoyed the kingdom for a long time, begetting more children and grandchildren and establishing their lineage firmly. Why write about post-war humiliations and defeats of Arjuna? Why write about the death of each of the family members as they walked to heaven, and describe the weaknesses that caused their deaths? Neither victors nor the one who brought them victory (Krishna), including their families, departed from this world in a decent manner. Do these sound like the victor’s selective narratives?Thirdly, what source other than the Mahabharata do we have, about the incidents relating to the warring cousins, in order to raise the suspicion that it should not be taken at face value? Is there an alternative Mahabharata? Even to raise such a suspicion we have to resort to none other than the text of Mahabharata! All the later works have Bhagavan Vyasa’s work as source material.Fourthly, assuming that there is an alternate narrative from the loser’s side, it will be as much susceptible to the charge of being a false narrative as those of the victors. The loser’s narrative can easily and equally be brushed aside as a self-pitying sob story with all the more compelling reasons to cry foul! It is usually the losers who try to invent lies and excuses in order to save their faces and their lost or nonexistent dignity.Fifthly, let us assume for the sake of argument that the Kauravas had won the battle. The question of not taking anything at its face value will be valid here too. If the point is just to doubt the veracity of a narrative, it can be done about anything and everything that we fancy. We better not read anything at all, since everything, including the doubt raised in this question, will be suspect and cannot be taken at face value.Finally, how can we be sure that we aren’t trying to retrofit our own biases, prejudices and dogmas into the grand epics? Are we totally fair at all times?	We should take Mahabharata at Face Value NOT because Victors write the history.It was NEVER about Winning and Losing.Everyone believes that Pandavas won and Kauravas lost.The Agenda of Lord Krishna is to make sure that Pandavas REMAINED ALIVE.When Gandhari questioned him and blamed him, cursed him, Krishna calmly said,” O mother! I did everything I could do to make your sons understand. They did not and war confirmed. Now apart from Win or Lose, the after effects of war must be considered. The entire society and all civilization of Land shall be destroyed. Millions will die. Women become widows. Children become Orphans. There must be SOMEONE who can RESURRECT THE LAND properly with good values and merits.This can be done ONLY BY PANDAVAS. NO ONE ELSE. Can your sons do this?NO.You can ask me how Pandavas can do this? Let me tell you:In their entire lifetime, Pandavas lived like Brahmanas, Kshatriyas, Tribals in Forest, Servants of a King and also as SLAVES. They lived on every level of society in their own life. Hence, they are WORTHY.There is nothing left for Pandavas being Winners, there is nothing lost by your sons being losers as they attained Glory dying on battlefield like true Kshatriyas.Besides, if your sons insulted only Draupadi, her husbands would have forgiven them. But your sons insulted Dharma.When Dharma is harmed I cannot keep quiet.I DID EVERYTHING FOR FUTURE NOT FOR THE PAST.	Question: Why should we take the Mahabharata at face value if it is the victors who get to write history? Isn't it more so when at the beginning, the Mahabharata states Pandavas as following the path of Dharma and Kauravas otherwise?Why should we take the Mahabharata at face value…Is there any person who know what face value of Mahabharata means? Everyone has their own “understood” version of events…… it is the victors who get to write history?Mahabharata is neither written nor influenced by the victors. This writing also was NOT narrated or shown or sent for approval to the victors! This was written down and passed on to the next generation of disciples, which includes Sage Vaishampayana, who went on to narrate the story to the King Janamejaya, descendant of the victors in the story. All the Itihasas and Puranas (written by Veda Vyasa) were studied by Sage Romaharshana (or Lomaharshana), whose son, Suta Maharshi (originally Sage Ugrashrava)… is known to have participated in such narrations (by Vaishampaayana and other Sages) at multiple occasions. This Suta Maharshi happens to participate in a lengthy and large-scale Yajna performed by a lot of Sages in Naimishaaranya, during the beginning years of Kali Yuga, a Yajna that was supposedly meant for peace for the entire Universe and living kind. During those days, many sages happened to group around Suta Maharshi and prayed Him to narrate what all He knows… which Suta Maharshi happily accepted and many works like Mahabharata, Srimad Bhagavatam etc., came to light. Hence, the stories are already redacted at multiple levels of Sages, generations and are also “approved” by learned/unbiased/peace-loving Sages, who heard them and also (probably) wrote them again for the purpose of Dharma. Hence, Mahabharata is NOT something that is written by Victors… even if it so, the version available to us is NOT JUST the one written originally… so … basically, “face value” concept does not exist here… this is not “ONE AND ONLY BOOK” case!Isn't it more so when at the beginning, the Mahabharata states Pandavas as following the path of Dharma and Kauravas otherwise?At the beginning, it is no where told that Pandavas followed Dharma…. and Kauravas otherwise! It is all intertwined in the story!It is preferred not to see everything as “good-bad”, “black-white” and accept the grey! Instead of limiting to the coverage in TV serials or movies, it is lot better to read one or two versions ourselves and gain more insights into the concept of Dharma.Let me narrate a view point, which perhaps helps one to understand the “grey area” theory! If we watch the movie “Bhagavad Geeta[1]”, we can understand that, Lord Krishna is talking about becoming free of Arishad vargas (the six behaviors that are enemies to a person) and ALSO the attachment created by Panchendriyas (The five senses that a person has)…Ari Shad Vargas are attributed to Duryodhana(Kaama), Karna(Krodha), Saindhava (lobha), Dhritarashtra(Moha), Dusshaasana (mada), and Shakuni(Maatsarya)…Panchendriyas are attributed to Bheeshma, Drona, Dharmaraja (and other brothers), Draupadi. (I am not sure of this list, which is attributed to whom… need to watch the movie once more…)The MAN (or any person in context… typically the reader of the book or the viewer of the film) is shown to get rid of all these 11 things…It is not just… keep away from BAD guys! It is also that… keep away from ALL KINDS OF ATTACHMENTS…At the end, whether or not Pandavas follow the path of Dharma or Kauravas fall prey for not following it… the reader will definitely UNDERSTAND the DHARMA, which is the very intention of the work… Mahabharata is not a “story” about “an ideal person”… it is a work with a depth… whatever the reader wants to immerse oneself in…!Om shaantiH shaantiH shaantiH…Footnotes[1] Bhagavad Gita (film) - Wikipedia	Why should we take the Mahabharata at face value if it is the victors who get to write history? Isn't it more so when at the beginning, the Mahabharata states Pandavas as following the path of Dharma and Kauravas otherwise?Why should we take the Indian independence movement at face value if it is the victors who get to write history? Isn't it more so when at the beginning, my history book states the British forced Indian farmers to grow indigo and puts them in the villan's role?Why shouldn't I think that the British were the real heroes and they indeed ruled India with all justice, peace and equality? Why shouldn't I think Jalianwala Bagh was a myth? Why shouldn't I call Mahatma Gandhi a terrorist and a villan?Yes the British have a right to rule India. Please come back and take this OP away.	The author of Mahabharata is Maharshi Vyas, apart from being the author he is also an important character in the whole story. Kauravas and Pandavas are his Grandchildren, born out of Niyoga (he is father of Dhritarashtra, Pandu and Vidura by way of Niyoga).Since both sides are his progeny, him taking side of one or the other, or writing the history favouring any one side, can be safely ruled out.The root of the whole struggle is, sons of an Elder son (Dhritarashtra) who was denied the throne due to his blindness or Sons of younger son (Pandu who inherited the throne), who left the throne and went in exile only to come back with sons who were born out of Niyoga (Pandu was unable to bear a child.Mind you, Duryodhana may be portrayed as an egotist, but he is not portrayed as a bad king, the citizens are not unhappy in his kingdom. Its a pure question of who is right as per Dharma prevalent at that time in Bharatvarsha.As a third person, or a person from another culture if both their fathers are born out of Niyoga , then the progeny fighting over who is the rightful owner of Hastinapur as per Dharma becomes a very superficial question. However when the whole of Bharata varsha was divided in their support of Pandavas and Kauravas, it becomes a question which will guide the entire Bharatavarsha about what is Dharma?(Niyoga (Sanskrit: नियोग) was an ancient Hindu tradition, in which a woman (whose husband is either incapable of fatherhood or has died without having a child) would request and appoint a person for helping her bear a child. According to this Hindu tradition the man who was appointed must be or would most likely be a revered person. There were various clauses associated with this process:The woman would agree to this only for the sake of rightfully having a child and not for pleasure.[1]The child, thus born would be considered the child of the husband-wife and not that of the appointed man.The appointed man would not seek any paternal relationship or attachment to this child in the future.To avoid misuse, a man was allowed a maximum of three times in his lifetime to be appointed in such a way.The act will be seen as that of Dharma and while doing so, the man and the wife will have only Dharma in their mind and not passion nor lust. The man will do it as a help to the woman in the name of God, whereas the woman will accept it only to bear the child for herself and her husband.In niyoga, the bodies were to be covered with ghee (so that lust may not take root in the minds of the participants but the actual act may take place for conception))	In case of Mahabharata the inversion theory, which states that 'victors write history' falls flat. If that were true the critics of Pandavas wouldn't have had anything to criticise them on. And more importantly, the love the citizens of Hastinapura had for Duryodhana would be completely removed. Duryodhana would be shown as an evil tyrant, instead of a good and generous ruler who had the love of his citizens. Some of the most morally questionable decisions of the Pandavas especially Yudhishtir would be removed and I'm not talking about the human staking in the dice game or the so called cheating (as if war is a sports tournament lol) in the Kurukshetra war. When the Pandavas escaped from the Lakshagriha Kunti lured five Nishadas with their mother into the palace and left them to burn alive so that they could leave six charred bodies as proof of death. We have no evidence that the Nishadas were criminals. The Pandavas committed murder here and it was still retained in the epic. You think that would be the case if 'victors wrote history'?	
Why do Hindus offer Prasadam to God which either way God doesnt eat	God does not eat but it is believed that it is sanctified once offered to God. Humans only eat it. It is a religious practice, like many others.	
Where can I get a soft copy of The Critical Edition of the Mahabharat compiled by Bori	Here i am attaching the link. You can download from here..Mahabharata - BORI Critical Edition - Sanskrit Documents	
After the battle of Mahabharat no children of Pandavas were alive then why didnt they try to conceive more children for the sake of protecting their dynasty Were they not fertile enough	There are different versions of Mahabharat each saying a different narration. One such narration is here. Aswathama after killing upa-pandavas went (actually fled) to Badarika-Ashram where sage Vyas lives. First Bhima went in search of Aswathama and he learnt from the people where he went. Krishna came to know about this and he followed Bhima along with Yudhishtar and Arjun in another chariot. All of them traced Aswathama and he was frightened and immediately shot a piece of grass duly charging with hymns (Brahma siro namaka astra) with an intention to kill all the pandavas. However, Arjun also shot the same arrow, but with a request not to kill Aswathama (because he was son of his guru) and neutralized it. After neutralizing the same, Arjun withdrew his arrow. But Aswathama did not know how to withdraw the same. His father did not teach him the technique of withdrawing the same. Vyas and Narada appeared before them and conciliated both the groups. But Aswathama agreed not to kill Pandavas, but owed to destroy the ability to bear offspring in future. Thus, the astra shot by him damaged the ability to bear children to Pandavas. (Source : Souptika Parva). By that time, Uttara (Abhimanyu’s wife) was pregnant. The influence of Astra shot by Aswathama did not leave the fetus in her womb and after some time she gave birth to dead child. Later Krishna gave him life. This is the reason why Pandavas were not able to produce children at that stage.	It is the truth that no children of Pandavas were alive but that doesn’t necessarily mean that their lineage/dynasty was broken.Even though the son of Arjuna, Abhimanyu died in the war of Mahabharat. His son was alive, whose name was Parikshit. After the rule of Parikshit, Janamjeya followed his dynasty. The story of Mahabharat starts when Janamjeya decides to snake sacrifice yagna.[Image Source]	Intersting question but perhaps you don't know that at the time of war, Yudhishthir, Bhim, Arjun, Nakul and Sahdev was 74, 73, 72, 71 and 70 years old respectively. This is not the question of fertility but I don't think this is the age to conceive. Also Arjuna's grandson Pareekshit was alive, who handled the dynasty later.	
How was Duryodhana fooled in the Kingdom of Yudhisthira	Varnavat, Varnavat, Varnavat.After kingdom divided, it was incumbent upon Dhritrastra to abdicate the throne so that Duryodhana who created all problems to do away with Pandavas could develop the sense of responsbilities.Without throne he was allowed to let loose doing everything and in the eyes of the rest of the world including Pandavas Duryodhana remained only a prince and thus only brother of the Pandavas and not the brother of King Yudhisthira.This is the fact which need not be overstretched.	Duryodhana and his father Dhrutarashtra were fools because the Hastinapur kingdom belonged to King Pandu and when he went on a voluntary exile, the kingdom was handed over to Dhrutarashtra as a representative of King Pandu, thereby naturally the Hastinapur Kingdom would go to Yudhishtira and not Duryodhana. More so, Yudhishtira was also elderly to Duryodhana. Duryodhana never had the courtesy and always had this superior complex although there was none in reality. Therefore he fooled himself in a big way, ultimately had to lose his life as well as loved ones life because of his foolishness.	So far the answers you have got are good but I wish to interpret differently.Kingdom of Yudhishthir was newly set up Indraprasth. It was designed & structured by Maya asur. A hall was specially created called Maya sabha-place of illusions with deceptive looks. Where it looked like land was water & where it looked like water was land. So also, where looked like wall was door & where looked like door was wall. Master of illusions had used his skill to the hilt.When Duryodhan visited at the time of Rajsuy yadna he was fooled in thinking land as water & water as land and humiliated at the place of illusions.	
What is the best source to know the Mahabharata story in Tamil with good understanding	Rajaji has written a book on Maha bharata.	
If a project similar to 8 lane Chennai Salem green corridor express highway is sanctioned to your state also will you welcome it Why	No. Bfre laying lanes my state needs atleast roads in oll villages.	If a project similar to 8-lane Chennai-Salem green corridor express highway is sanctioned to your state also, will you welcome it? Why?Yes. Happily. While Hyderabad has an eight-lane ORR running around the city for about 160 km, the highway between Hyderabad and Vijayawada is a lousy road meandering meaninglessly across rather plain territory. An expressway between Hyderabad and Machilipatnam will be highly welcomed as it would give much needed fast access to the east coast.Similarly, there is an urgent need for an expressway connecting Hyderabad to Pune. This road has been neglected for very long and travel between the two industrial cities is a nightmare.	
Why did Pandu wish for more sons after getting Yudhishthir and Bheem as his heir and spare	Why did Pandu wish for more sons……….?There appears to be challenges on every chapter of Mahabharata.Shantanu had Bhishma as Dev Vrat his son but when aflicted by the desire of Satyavati, is shown as speaking to to his son that having only one son is equal to be having no son.Bhishma after hearing that Gandhari had got boon to have 100 sons did not lose time in approaching to the king of Gandhar with the proposal for marriage of Dhritrastra.Pandu said to Kunti that his family had been at the verge of issueless had Vyasji not agreed to beget the three sons.Casualties in those were rampant and continuating the line in the family was uncertain.Pandu was no exception of his time and the past history of his family tree.	
Who is Ashwathama in Bhagwat Gita	Bhagavad Gita does not speak about the outer world. It speaks about the metaphysical battle of our inner world, which every person is fighting in every single moment of his life.According to Bhagavad Gita Ashwathama is the Latent Desire(metaphorical derivation— the desire which remain stored up or preserved). The allegorical meaning of Ashwathama finds it's root in Sanskrit from which the name derives. Ās-va means “preserved or stored up” , and tthāman means, “to remain, to continue in a particular condition” and “to continue to be or exist”.Desire is the fundamental law that assures the continuity of creation. Men dreams their individual desires within the ever awake somnolence of cosmic dreamer. Ignorance produce egoism. From ego arises feeling or desire and concomitant identification of self with the senses and sense objects as a means of enjoyment. This leads to desire-motivated good and bad actions and their results or impressions, which in turn produce new causes and effects from one lifetime to another in a self-perpetuating cycle.. so long as there is no end to desire, there is no end to rebirth.At the end of Mahabharata war, after the Pandavas defeated Kauravas, we find Ashwathama survived but is rendered powerless, and is destined to roam the world forever, alone and friendless. When a person become self-realized, attains liberation and absolute freedom, his desires are like desireless desire of own self.Source: God Talks With Arjuna-The Bhagavad Gita by Sri Sri Paramhansa Yogananda	Ashwathama in Mahabharatha is the son of Dronacharya(guru of both pandavas and kauravas).He is one of the greatest warriors on kauravas side. Pandavas names an elephant as ashwathama and kills it. They tell dronacharya that ashwathama is dead. Dronacharya refuses to believe it and asks Dharma raj(eldest of pandavas) to confirm it as he never speaks lie. Dharma raj says aloud that Ashwathama is dead and he says in a low voice that it is an elephant. Dronacharya believes that his son is dead and goes to deep sorrow making him unable to fight and then pandavas kill dronacharya.	Drauni or Sage Ashwathama is one of the saptarishies and most respected one as told by pitamah Bheeshma. He does not appear in Bhagwat Gita. For reference about him see my past answers where I have shared the exact link. He may have committed sins but now a very pious and respected sage who is destined to be the next Vyasa ( title). He will divide the vedas again in the end of next Dwapara Yuga	
If India had great epics like Mahabharat then why was it not already powerful enough to repel foreign invaders	Mahabharata happened 5000 years ago. Mughals came 600 years ago.Weapons of the epic age were not passed down the generations.Indians put up a solid resistance to muslim invaders for 400 years before they finally broke through and occupied Sindh. Muslim armies used a new weapon - gunpowder - which breached cities and could fire cannonballs over the city walls. Once the Silk Route was disrupted by wars, we did not get to this new technology in time to learn how to use it or defend ourselves against it. Various muslim hoards from Iraq, Afghanistan, Turkmenistan and other places came to attach us and we did better than most other countries to fight them off. Look at other countries between Spain and Uzbekistan and you can see we held out the longest.Mughals came much later and they had the advantage of invading lands that were already war-ravaged. Population was badly depleted by war, famine and slavery. Muslim and mongols took away millions of Indians as slaves. Mughals came at a time of great upheaval. For a few generations, Mughals provided stability and peace. Nadir Shah, Jats, Maraths and the Europeans (British, Portuguese, French) broke their back and everything changed again.It is because of epics like the Mahabharata that India has retained its culture and religion, despite 800 years of muslim and 200 years of christian misrule. Look at all the countries in Africa, Asia, Europe, North and South America, or even Australia and you can see that most others gave up their culture and religion within 1 - 2 generation of muslim / christian invasion. Mahabharata, Ramayan and our other epics have allowed us to keep our heritage alive.	Simple. The answer is there in Shrimad bhagawata, Kalki purana and bhavishya purana itself. In the krita Yug people were extremely tall, highly intelligent and lived until they wanted to and severe penance was the only way of attaining salvation or moksha. People were well versed in vedas. There was no disease, no hatred and none committed a crime. In treta Yug there was the slight entry of corruption but still people were very tall , highly intelligent and learnt vedas completely. But Here people developed hatred, so Dharma ( not Dharm it is Hindi word which means religion) was slowly detoriating. In this Yug Lord Ram was born. Raavan was also there. You must know Ramayan . How powerful and dedicated to Dharma ( it is a Sanskrit word which means doing what one is assigned to do for the welfare of society) people like Lord Ram, lord Hanuman , lord Lakshman, Vibhushan, Raavan, Meghnad and even kumbhakaran were. In that age only yagya was the only means to attain Salvation .Thene Dwapara Yug, People were shorter than previous ages, had diseases, had hatred, illicit affairs, deceiving others but still learnt Vedas not fully though as the intellectual level was detoriating. They too had superior Astras but many of the Astras which lord Ram, Indrajith used were not there. Bhishma, Arjuna , Sage Ashwathama, Guru Dronacharya, Karna were some superior warriors of that age. On February 18 3102 BCE started Kali Yuga. The Vedas were divided into four for the first time. As time passed intelligence reduced and brahmins took at least 25 years to learn a Shaka ( means a branch) of Veda. Now there exists only two shakas of Sama Veda ( jaimini and kauthuma) . Well then dhanurveda was also lost. We have lost river Saraswati and we will lose Maa Ganga in 10000 years of Kali Yug. We're at somewhere around 5100 years of kali Yug ( see 18 Feb 3102 BC) for calculation. The human society will further detoriate according to lord Krishna . Now we are at the first part of the four parts of Kali Yug. Now we can notice rape and murder for no reason. Our average height will be 6 foot or for some 5 and half. It is said that at the end of fourth part humans will be 1 feet tall, attain puberty at 3 or 4 years and will have children at 8 or 9 years and will die at maximum 16 . Then Lord Vishnu will take avatar of Kalki and destroy all evils and re establish Dharma. Sage Yagyavalka will teach him Vedas, Sage Ashwathama, Sage parashuram, Sage Krishna dwaipayana (the current title holder of Vyasa, he divided the vedas and wrote Mahabharat) will bless him at his birth. And Sage parashuram will be his martial arts guru where he will get the divine Astras. Sage Ashwathama will be the next title holder of Vyasa	You, are right/ I would like to point out some important issues as under for Muslim Invasion and infiltration here.Because, We Hindus are always not united. We were neither united then nor today and this was the prime cause that we could not heavily replied the invaders.2ndly- We were neither knew our dignity and great culture then nor today and that is the reason that Bharat being base Hindutva is now called as Secular Nation.Third. -Hindus never knew its great culture and identity, rather they preferred to be modern. Yes, Hindus never knew its great entity and Tatva of Sanatan Dharma/ Hinduism.After departure of Lord Sri Krishna to his abode, Kalikaal entered. Due to the effects of Kalyug, Hindus became rude and then divided in the name of Varna. Later, due to the effects of Kalantar and Kaliyug, Hindus began to forget Bhagwaan Sri Ram philosophy and the norms of Dharma. Thus, Hindus were divided into caste, creed, race, backward forward and Dalit etc.Hindus were divided and later several mini states were made. No one was ready to counter outsider forces. However, when Maurya dynasty came, they were highly powerful and till Ashoka the great, no one had the strength to face Ashoka, but after, Ashoka passed away, people became aimless.So, this was the main cause of Muslim entry into India and they invaded several times. Unlimited Islamic invaders infilted into India and they at first sight looted the temples, and back to Middle east Asia. But they again began to enter and invaded India, killed lakhs of innocent Hindus, demolished thousands of temples. They forcibly captured girls, women in their custody and taken away to their country and converted them to Islam.Hence, this happened due to non unity among Hindus and secondly, they were week as they had no any sophisticated arms or gun. While, the Islamic Invaders were always in groups and lashed with arms and Gun, Top etc. They had also sword. Islamic forces understood well that India can be captured forcibly as the had seen their non unity and weakness.So, later they entered here and tried to finish out the great culture and identity of India. The killed all those Hindus, who objected it and they demolished lakhs of temples forcibly. They aimed to hoist the Islamic flag, but they were countered by so many Kshatriye army of mini states.Thus, Hindus have been forced to be converted to Islam and thus, Lakhs of Hindus were butchered.Now, you can see such instances even today in the Society. Think for a while, if India was ever such a Secular Country- Means, Those who are aimless and do not follow the Dharma or any culture.Do you think, if India has no any identity and culture? Because, almost all leaders including some Govt body say India as a Secular Nation? Here the Constitution, which is made is also anti Vedic. That is why, Sri Ram Mandir issue has been pending in the Supreme court now. Are the Govt, or the Chief Justice not aware of the facts? but yet, court also asks for submitting prove of the land? So, you can think, what a blunder is?People prefer to learn and speak English, but never want their wards to learn Sanskrit. Those, who do not know English or not able to speak English are construed as lower people. People know the cricketer and his biography, but to the question of Lord Sri Ram and Sri Krishna, they are mute. So, that is why, India is now a Secular country, where Lord Sri Ram and Krishna appears in every Yug.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	Because there is a gulf of difference between having scriptures and following them!Forget the big and bulky Mahabharata, more than 90% of Hindus have very vague idea about Bhagvad Gita. When asked, people give half-cooked ideas like “work is worship” or “God is in your heart”. But they do not know that work is worship only when it is done as sacrifice to God! And sacrifice demands love towards God.Similarly, when Gita tells that God is in your heart, it also tells that one should find that God and see Him face to face. But people don't know this. How can we then expect that something good will come out from such half-cooked pseudo-spiritual ideas? Half knowledge is only good for making noise & that is precisely what is going on in the name of spirituality.In reality, Indians are very fortunate because they have got the wonderful opportunity to follow the Vedic principles since birth. In almost all the houses, there is mention of some or the other deity. Most of the towns have temples of Lord. Nowadays, there are wonderful translations of scriptures like Bhagvad Gita. What remains is the will to act!And we need to cultivate that will soon. Not because this will destroy our culture or something. But because this human birth is very rare. Within some 40–50 years most of us will die a natural death. After that we might end up in lower intelligence species like cats and dogs. This will further entangle us into karmic cycle and who knows when will we become humans again. Hence, Vedic scriptures tell that one must learn the Vedic philosophy & see the God face to face. That will be our real success. A success whose end is freedom from birth, death, old age and disease. A success which will make us eternal, blissful and full of knowledge!Thanks for the A2A.	What is the relation between Epic Mahabharata repelling mughal army?Ibrahim Lodi, the ruler of Delhi, lacked power and political diplomacy. He had created many enemies. He was not on friendly terms with several Afghan and Turk nobles. Rana Sanga of Mewar was his sworn enemy.Punjab: Daulat Khan Lodi, the governor of Punjab distrusted Sultan Ibrahim Lodi. To settle scores with him, he invited Babur from Kabul to invade India.Sind: The province of Sind had become independent of the rule of the Delhi Sultanate. There was a good deal of confusion and lawlessness in the state.Kashmir:Towards the end of the fifteenth century, there began a stage of anarchy in Kashmir.Mewar: Sangram Singh, popularly known as Rana Sanga, was the ruler of Mewar. He aspired to capture the throne of Delhi and Agra. He is said to have invited Babur to invade India. He was perhaps under the delusion that Babur like his ancestor Timur would invade, loot and go back to Kabul.	Because Islam knows only too well how to backstab. In the name of religion, lying is not only permitted as per Islam but considered holy! So, Apart from the huge time lapse of Mahabharata and Muhgal invasion, approach to warfare was the second biggest reason.PS: and please don't raise doubts whether Mahabharata was real, because citing the same logic we can also say Muhammad was an imaginary person since even though he lived only very few thousand years ago, there are no sketches or impressions of him till now (compared to so many impressions of Lord Sri Krishna who lived so much earlier). So if Mahabharata was hypotehtical, so was Islam and vice versa. Let's stop being a hypocrite.	
Why did the Kauravas get jealous of the Pandavas	You were the eye candy of everyone. You borned with great difficulty and pampered by your parents. All from the kingdom behaved with you as the next King from childhood. You never really set foot outside to see the hardships. Every where you go, you are treated as a prince. You were already a king, borned to rule Hastinaputr . You got used to the riches, the attentions you get, the power you have, to behave as an authority.But suddenly, 5 people of your age came to the market, about whom you never heard of and they stole all your thunder. How did you feel? Now, you are sidelined in every single things by elders, citizens and courtiers. Yudhisthira was wise, Bheema was the most powerful,Arjun was kind and courageous, Nakul was handsome and Sahadeva was knowledgeable. And you were failing at every front and still you can't bully them because Bheema can make your life miserable. Now common citizens were treating Yudhisthira as prince not you.Jealousy came naturally to Kauravas especially to Duroydhana as he was affected the most when Pandav arrived at Hastinapur because of their father's demise.	Kouravas are not jealous of Pandavas in any situation.When Pandavas first visited Hastinapur during their childhood: Kouravas wanted to show Pandavas their pride as Pandavas just came from forest where as Kouravas are living the life of prince.When dronacharya announced Arjun as best Archer: Kouravas are tensed as there is no warrior in them who was equal to Arjun.Sakuni is someone who made hatred towards Pandavas in Dhuryodhana mind. And Kouravas had a mindset with pride. So no person with pride will be jealous of other who is superior to them. Instead they cultivate hatred towards them.	The Pandavs were brought up in the rough terrains since their father Pandu had renounced the throne and was constantly travelling in the company of fellow ascetics, living in the forests.They were well versed in the vedas and the art of warfare, adept in the use of different weapons, that was imparted to them by their father and the ascetics.After the death of their father, they returned to Hastinapur, living with their uncle and cousins and of course the extended family consisting of Vidhur, Bhishma and other elders.With their return the equation changed. The throne that would have gone down to the Kauravs, since there was no other contender, suddenly seemed to change places. Yudhisthira, the Pandav being the eldest among the cousins was the lawful inheritor instead of Duryodhan, the Kaurav hence.The Pandavs were more skilful than their cousins which added to the envy.Duryodhan was a great warrior himself but his maternal uncle Shakuni, very subtly ingrained in him, the superiority of his cousins in skills, that made him insecure.Pandavs were revered by the elders of the family and by the people of Hastinapur for their humility. Everyone wanted to see Yudhisthira as the king.Arjun was Dronacharya’s favorite student. He was the best among the rest.Since the Pandavs had lost their father, Vidhur and Bhishma had a soft corner for the boys.Destiny too seemed to favour the Pandavs. Duryodhan had tried to char them to death in Varanavata. But with Vidhur’s wise counsel they had managed to escape, unhurt.Dhritrastra, their uncle, gave them an arid piece of land as inheritance. The boys managed to turn it into a beautiful city Indraprastha.Yudhisthira will the help of his brothers performed the coronation ceremony called rajasuya, wherein all the neighbouring kings accepted his suzerainty and accepted him the lord of four directions.Hence, the Pandavs were rulers of Indraprastha, with lots of allies and their treasury overflowing. Moreover Arjun had managed to get the hand of the beautiful princess, Draupadi, again with his skill as a world class archer where Duryodhan had failed.The skill and success of Pandavs burnt a hole in the heart of Kauravs.	
What steps should I take to become what Arjuna was to Drona if I have recently joined a famous High Court lawyer as his junior	it is not good to follow some steps of Arjuna or a character of the Mahabharata in general; but to be a lawyer's favorite, it would be your own skills to defend your client from being accused as best you can, memorizing laws and being able to expose those who accuse your client or if you accuse the guilty person of exposing it well and with good bases.	
Did Bhishma turn back into Prabhas the Vasu after his death	Yes, he joind the Vasu's group after his death.	
What did Bhishma state to hear the complaint from Draupadi	Once Yudhisthira lost Draupadi (after being instigated by Shakuni to stake her) Duryodhona found the opportunity to hit the Pandavas where it hurt the most. Duryodhona had always hated the Pandavas because he held the Pandavas responsible for usurping the throne that he thought rightfully belonged to him. Once the Pandavas carved out a huge kingdom with the help of their martial prowess and celebrated the Rajsuaya Yagna to coronate Yudhishthira the emperor, Duryodhona’s jealousy knew no bounds. Especially when he saw the splendour of the court of Indraprastha, created with the help of the wealth they gained by subjugating other kingdoms, Durydhona’s envy became boundless. He hated to see the Pandavas surpass the Kauravas in splendour, prestige and power. And Draupadi was luminous amongst all this splendour. Therefore, Duryodhona wanted to humiliate the Pandavas by publicly humiliating her. He knew that this would hurt the Pandavas the most.Draupadi on being dragged into the court asked a simple question. On whether Yudhisthira had lost himself before he staked her. Because if he did, then he had already lost the right over her and therefore had lost any authority to stake her. Her appeal was to the elders of the court, led by Bhisma.Bhisma side-stepped the issue, stating that, the “path of dharma is very intricate. No one can say with confidence what is the truth as per dharma”. He was conflicted over the issue of the authority of a husband over a wife and whether that authority continued even when the husband becomes a slave. The problem was if he said that, Yudhishthira had lost all authority over Draupadi, once he lost himself, then Draupadi becomes “husband-less” and fair game to any man (since she had also become a slave and the status of a slave woman those days was no different from that of a whore). If he said that, yes, he did continue to hold the right over her, then Draupadi loses.Bhisma did not want to get into this and took the easy way out. Which was absolutely wrong.	When Draupadi was dragged by her hair to the court, she asked a question,” Did my husband lose him first or me first? Am I won fairly or not?”.She asked this question not for seeking protection, but for understanding her position at that time.Nobody answered the question.Draupadi looked at Bhishma and repeated that question. She knew that being eldest of the Kauravas, maybe the Grand sire could answer her.Bhishma said, “ O Krishna! Morality is subtle. Sometimes its path eludes even the best. I cannot make up my mind about what is happening. So, I am helpless to answer your question. However, I believe Yudhistira is the one who can answer you. Please ask him.”Draupadi looked at him but did not ask. It was then Bhima asked his brother to answer her. He couldn't. Bhishma was right about what he said.	
Was Dhritarashtra really blind or was portrayed as such to mark his incompetency and the partiality to his sons well being	Veda Vyasa used a method of story telling by charaterising ( giving human forms to ) human attitudes,spiritual messages and situations to propagate vedic theories. Hence each and every character, situation and even name of a character conveys some sort of messages related to vedic theories.Dhritarashtra is symbol of ignorant mind.. Ignorant mind can not ‘see’ the truth. Hence Dhritarshtra is characterised as a blind man. Ignorance of Spiritual knowledge causes Feeling of “I” and “mine” and attachment to “mine”. Dhritarashtra is attached to his sons even though they have demonic qualities.	With Vichitravirya having died of sickness, Bhisma unable to take the throne because of his vow, and Bahlika's line unwilling to leave Bahlika Kingdom, there was a succession crisis in Hastinapur. Satyavati invites her son Vyasa to impregnate the queens Ambika and Ambalika under the Niyoga practice. When Vyasa went to impregnate Ambika, she got frightened due to his scary appearance and closed her eyes during their union; hence, her son ( Dhritarashtra ) was born blind.	I think he was really blind on PHYSICAL FRONT. Symbolically, he might have been portrayed blind for the reason he reaimed inclined towards Duryodhan and his sons wicked moves.If not there is no reason for GANDHARI to blind-fold her eyes.	
What was the relation between Kauravas and Pandavas	Kuru started the clan , he had his only son Shantanu , who married Ganga and Bhisma was born. Shantanu then married Satyavati and Chitrangada was born. So Shantanu had two sons. Bhisma took the vow to follow Brahamacharya( Brahmacharya - Wikipedia)throughout his life and hence he did not marry any women. Now Chitrangada had his son Vicchitravirya who gave birth to Dhritraashtra from his wife Ambika , and gave birth to Pandu from his wife Ambalika.Pandu’s son came out to be known as Pandavas ,whereas Dhritrashtra’s son came out to be known as Kauravas ,but they belonged to only one clan-Kuru. The Pandavas and Kauravas were sub-clans of the clan-Kuru.Pandu and Dhritrashtra were half-borthers hence Kauravas and Pandavas was each other’s cousin brothers.Edits,Suggestions and Logical Debates are welcome!!	Kauravas & Pandavas were cousins. Dhrutrashtra the father of Kauravas & Pandu the father of Pandavas were brothers. They were fathered by Rishi Vyas.Ambika & Ambalika were married to Vichitravirya the son of Shantanu & Satyavati. Unfortunately he died without an heir to the throne. So Satyavati, as per the custom of that time.,asked her son Rishi Vyas by Rishi Parashar, to sire the heir.Ambika had Dhrutrashtra & Ambalika Pandu. Dhrutarashtra & Gandhari had Kauravas while Pandu with Kunti and Madri had Pandavas. So through fathers they were related.	They were cousins. Kaurava's father Dhritrashtra and Pandava's father Pandu were real brothers. Both were sons of Vichitravirya, nephews of Bhishma and grandsons of Shantanu.	They are of course cousins - children of two brothers. But I think anyone interested should make atleast a brief reading and know, rather than ask such questions on this discussion forum .	
How can Arjuna the greatest archer be defeated by a group of bandits while trying to rescue the Yadava women	As per Ved Vyasa himself The greatest archer was fighting Destiny and even god and still was able to save many woman. Arjuna greatness is not just his bow but his heart and in comparison to others who chose to run leaving their friends in forest to never return he tried whatever he could do to save them.People think he forgot Mantra and he was weak to lift the bow. Ok but how do you explain his Quiver not working? I mean even be turned weak and useless with bow then also his quiver which was inexhaustible should be working as usual. It has only stopped working during Kirat parva when Shiva used his powers and this time all was effect of curse.From rational viewpoint Krishna and Yadavas were everything from them. Now, whole city has been destroyed in a way. How would anyone be in right state of mind after seeing that his best friend, brother and mentor is no more and their maternal place is in shambles. If a topper loses his father on same day of exam even he might falter and forget everything. Arjuna was same person who refused to fight even his enemies out of love and here he had lost same krishna who was his love, breath and life.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Was Arjuna a very pathetic archer that he failed to lift Gandiva when he ran away from ordinary Dwaraka robbers?	Its is beacause of a curse by a sage called Ashtavakra to the wives of Krishna. Long back when sage was in his penance, Indra sent many of the apsaras to disturb him. Ashtavakra muni told them that they can't spoil his penance and also tells them not to waste their efforts. But he wishes them a boon since they were his guests. They ask him to get them married to Lord Vishnu. He grants the boon but after this some apsaras make fun of him saying that you yourself are not perfect and have 8 defects, how come you are giving us boons. Angered by this, the sage curses them saying eventhough you are wives of Vishnu himself, you will suffer a humiliating end. Hence, whoever was in Arjuna's place could not have saved them from the bandit group. The curse was so powerful!!	You see, Arjuna was not the greatest archer and warrior of the Mahabharata, that is for Bhishma and Karna not for Arjuna.He may have lost some of his power because Krishna died (which is reflected because his inexhaustible quivers were exhausted and he is no longer savyasachi), but he was accompanied by a complete army and had Gandiva, people can say that he forgot his weapons because his function ended, which is stupid considering Parashurama that his role also ended but did not lose his power or forget his weapons. Then people indirectly say that Arjuna was an ordinary warrior who was only powerful when Krishna was alive.But he could still lift and use Gandiva, it was his inability to thread the bow quickly and he could ask for an ordinary bow from an army soldier but he used Gandiva as a melee weapon (which shows how stupid he is) and fled from Ordinary thieves who were armed with bamboo sticks.The curse of the wives is interpolation according to BORI, because it was the uselessness of Arjuna.Also remember Bhishma, Karna and Drona that they could kill armies with ordinary weapons; so Arjuna without astras, Gandiva and without Krishna is a great zero	Sri Krishna, the Supreme Godhead, the Lord of all living creatures in the Universe.He is cursed and had to die in the hands of a hunter by mistake of prey.That is called TIME.TIME is the one true unit measure of the Universe.When there is a beginning there is an End.As for Arjuna, his archer skill, his energy, his weapons all are streamlined by Krishna and his divinity.When he left, so did everything.TIME is done for Pandavas to live on the Earth. They better depart.	
What were the last words of Barbarik after the Kurukshetra War	At the end of the battle, the victorious Pandava brothers argued among themselves as to who was responsible for their victory. Krishna suggested that Barbarika's head, which had watched the whole battle should be allowed to judge. Barbarika's head suggested that it was Krishna alone who was responsible for the victory. Barbarika replies,“All I could see were two things. One, a divine chakra spinning all around the battle field, killing all those who were not on the side of Dharma. The other was the Draupadi who has taken her original form of Goddess Mahakali, who spread out her tongue on the battle field and consumed all the sinners as her sacrifice".Listening to this, Pandavas realized that it was Lord Narayana and Goddess Parvatu (Mahakali) who actually cleaned up the world from Adharma, and the Pandavas were mere instruments.	Barbarik did no exist in authentic Sanskrit versions of Mahabharata. The Epic did not mention him at all. So Barbarik and his story is a myth. When he was not there,no question of any last words from him. Fact.Sources for Barbarik’s non existenceBori Critical Edition Of MahabharataUnabridged Editions Gita Press with Pandit Ram Narayan’s Hindi Translation.Southern Recession Kumbhakonam EditionPPS Sastri Edited Southern versionNilakantha Bhavadipa and many more.	I am still searching for his first words in Vyasa epic and I am clueless. Now you have asked about his last words. Meanwhile Anjanparvana is still in bad mood. He has raised a question that it was he who fought and died in war but all talk of his imaginary brother . He wants justice and his rightful place as son of Gatotkacha.	If you are referring to the one by Veda Vyasa, it is “”.Jokes apart, there was no character called Barbareeka in Vyasa’s Bharata.	Only Krishna was warrior his sudarshan was killing both sides	Who is Barbaraik ?I have not heard any such character in Mahabharatha,	
Was Krishna born in Odisha	Thank you very much for asking this question.The answer is ‘YES’. And we will see how is it?Please find the following explanation:+In this auspicious day of Radha ashtami (Appearance day of Srimati Radharani) I would like to answer your question.This question can be answer in many different level of understanding. Here I will answer the question from the point of bhakti philosophy.We read and heard that Krishna appeared at Mathura in UP and spent His childhood days at Vrindavan which is also in UP.Now coming to the point of answering the question, first of all we need to understand what is Mathura and what is Vrindavan in actual fact. Any place in the universe where people (devotees) worship Lord Krishna in any of His forms that place is considered as good as Mathura. And any place in the universe where people (devotees) chants Lord’s Holy Names, talks and sings about His pastimes and loves Lord Krishna with full devotion that place is as good as Vrindavan. So, as Odisha is a holy land where people worship Lord Jaganath (Lord Krishna), it can be accepted that Lord Krishna was born (appeared) in Odisha. For Lord we should use the word ‘appear’ instead of ‘born’ as Lord is eternal (Ananta) without any birth or death. He has no beginning and no end. He is the cause of all existence.Hope you found your answer. Jai Jaganath.	No, as per Mahabharata, he was born in Mathura (UP). One of the 4 Dhams, Jagganatha is in Puri, Odhisha, may be that's why you have confusion.	Dear when yamuna is there Matura is there stories are there how did you raise such clew less question. Remember existence is important birth place do not.Enjoy the bliss of lordRadhy Krishna	
Who was Satyaki in Mahabharata How was he related to Arjuna and Krishna	Thanks for A2A,Satyaki was disciple of Arjuna and Drona. He was a warrior of Yadava clan and follower of Krishna. One statement defines him and that is “ Truth is my Valor” He was indeed a lion and one many army. He came to support his teacher and best friend Arjuna before war and even argued with Balarama against Kauravas. He wanted war because in his opinion peace is not appropriate solution to injustice. He also said that if anyone dared to touch Krishna in court of kauravas he would behead that person but Krishna contained him then.He brought one Akshauni force to support pandavas and proved very effective against Kauravas as a warrior. He defeated Karna and was able to face him effectively every time. He also defeated Ashwathama and made him unconscious. When Drona rushed to save his son he defeated him also and kauravas became cheerless. He was able to face many great names.It is written that he left Karna for oath of Arjuna and Dushshana, Duryodhana for oath of Bhima. He was however defeated by Bhurishrava due to Boon to his grandfather. Arjuna saved him by cutting arm of Bhurishrava.Satyaki was fearless, daredevil and a war machine. There is one line in Mahabharat where it is written there were only three archers in the world Arjuna, krishna and Satyaki.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Why was Satyaki a better warrior than Karna?Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Who was the better warrior, Satyaki or Ashwathama?To know moreSatyaki Index – Victory, Achievement & Defeat	Thanks for A2A.Satyaki was friend and cousin of Krishna and Arjuna.I have done a research on Vrishni lineage in Harivamsha critical edition and found a very interesting thing -Yadu > Kroshtu > Anamitra > Nighna > Satrajit > SatyabhamaYadu > Kroshtu > Anamitra > Shini > Satyaka > SatyakiYadu > Kroshtu > Devamidhusha > Shura > Pritha(daughter) > Karna, Yudisthira, Bhima, ArjunaYadu > Kroshtu > Devamidhusha > Shura > Prithukirti(daughter) > DantavaktraYadu > Kroshtu > Devamidhusha > Shura > Shrutashrava(daughter) > SishupalaYadu > Kroshtu > Devamidhusha > Shura > Rajadhidevi(daughter) > Vinda and Anuvinda (Princes of Avanti), [According to Bhagavat purana - Mitravinda is sister of Vinda /Anuvinda and married to Krishna]Yadu > Kroshtu > Devamidhusha > Shura > Shrutadevi(daughter) > Five Kekeya brothersYadu > Kroshtu > Devamidhusha > Shura > Vasudeva (Son)> Krishna, Balarama, SubhadraYadu > Kroshtu > Devamidhusha > Shura > Devabhaga(Son) > UddhavaYadu > Kroshtu > Devamidhusha > Shura > Devashrava(Son) > Shatrughna and Ekalavya (Lost and brought by Nishadas)This is taken from Harivamsha critical edition.There would be multiple kings between Yadu and Krishtu. The point is possibly Anamitra and Devamidhusha were at contemporaries.In a broader range - Karna, Yuidsthira, Bhima, Arjuna, Sishupala, Ekalavya, Udhava, Krishna, Balarama, Subhadra, Five kekeya brothers all were cousins.Now out of them Satyaki was close to Krishna , Arjuna. He was trained by Drona and Arjuna. He fought on behalf of Arjuna in Kurushetra war.It seems Satyaki and Satyabhama were close cousin.Ekalavya, Sishupala, Dantavakra fought on side of Jarasandha and all died in hand of Krishna at some point of time in separate events.Vinda and Anuvinda fought Kurushetra war on the side of Duryodhana and died in hand of Arjuna.Five Kekeya brothers fought on side of Pandavas and died in Kurushetra war.After the destruction of Dwarka, Arjuna saved one son of Satyaki and established him in bank of Yamuna. Vajra, the great grandson of Krishna inherited Indraprastha and Abhimanyu’s son Parikshita inherited Hastinapura.The one with dharma in his soul honoured the aged and the young and made the beloved son of Satyaki Yuyudhana reside along the banks of the Sarasvati. The slayer of enemy heroes gave the kingdom of Indraprastha to Vajra.Satyaki’s 10 sons died in war of Mahabharata fighting along side Pandavas. He had contributed 1 akshouhini army to Pandavas and was a general of Pandavas.He was almost the third most powerful warrior fighting for Pandavas after Arjuna and Abhimanyu and considered as Atiratha.He was the one of the seven surviving warrior from Pandava side (Actually 8 if we count Yuyutsu).	Yuyudhana (Sanskrit: युयुधान, Yuyudhāna), better known as Satyaki (Sanskrit: सात्यकि, Sātyaki), was a powerful warrior belonging to the Vrishni clan of the Yadavas, to which Krishna also belonged. According to the Puranas, he was grandson of Shini of the Vrishni clan, and adopted son of Satyaka, after whom he was named.A valiant warrior, Satyaki was devoted to Krishna and was a student of Arjuna.	
Why is the Mahabharat mythological Is it real Have the events detailed in it really have taken place or they re just myth	Mahabharat was a real incident as even today the remains or relics are in existence. Hastinapur , the Capital of Kaurava & Pandava:Hastinapur - Wikipedia	
Who was the father of shantanu in Mahabharata	King Pradeepa. The term “Pra” means special. Thats the reason, when we offer food to GOD, we call the food as Prasad - meaning “special” food. When King Pradeepa was born, he had a special aura around his body and hence he was named “Pradeepa”.King Pradeepa once went to forest and did tapas/meditation for wanting a virtuous son, beside river ganges. At that time, a young damsel came beside him and sat on the right side lap of Pradeepa and asked if he could marry her. Pradeepa being a righteous and virtuous king said that, according to puranas, the left side body of a man belongs to his wife (like how shiva gave it to parvati ) and right side belongs to his child. Since you sat on my right side lap, universe wants me to consider you as my daughter.Hearing this, the damsel vanished and he saw Mother Ganga in her virat swarupa and blessed him for being virtuous and righteous. She said that he will get a righteous son and he will marry a millionth aspect of ganges herself - to fulfill one of the unfinished karmas of previous birth. I do not want to drag that story here. If interested, you may read about King Mahabishak and his curse from Bramha.Once Shantanu was born - lot of people from his kingdom came and touched the baby and blessed it. People with illness got cured when they touched him. That made King Pradeepa to name him “Shan”tanu. San meaning good and tanu meaning body.	He was the youngest son of King Pratipa of Hastinapura.Shantanu - Wikipedia	King Prathipa	
What is the main reason of Mahabharat	It was Shakuni, who led Duryodhana to the war of Kurukshetra. If we need to pick someone as most responsible person for the Kurukshetra war, then it's none other than Dhritarashtra. Shakuni wanted to destroy Kuru Vansha, so what he was doing was a planned scheme.	
Who went to Indraprastha to invite the Pandavas for the game of dicing	Vidura was sent to Indraprastha to invite the Pandavas for a game of dice. It was Shakuni’s master plan. He knew Yudhisthra had a weekness for gambling and used that to his advantage. To make sure that Pandavas didn’t suspect his ploy, he persuaded Dritarashtra to send Vidura for extending the invitation.He also knew that Pandavas loved their uncle Vidura and would never reject his invitation. In addition, declining a royal invitation was considered rude and sometimes illegal.	
Who wins the battle between Arjun and Indra	Agnideva wanted to burn Khandav forest for a long time but he was unable to do that ,as the forest was protected by Indra king of devta.Agni went to Arjun and Shri Krishna, and prayed for help.They agreed to help him,in return Agnidev gave them heavenly weapons.A fierce battle took place when Agni deva was burning the forest between Indra and Krishna-Arjun.Indra was losing the battle but not defeated .Then the war was stopped by akashavani(voice from sky).	I think Arjun has never proved that he could defeat Lord Indra. The nearest war happens during the Khandav forest burning and Arjun was sided by the Krishna himself. This small skirmish was stopped by divine intervention so the result was inconclusive.Having said that, if we consider the death of Ghatotkach by Indra Shakti during the battle of Mahabharata where Krishna, sacrificed Ghatotkach to save Arjuna makes one believe that Arjuna may have defeated by the Lord. Further, Arjuna got too many Divyastra - that he showcased during the Viraat war - because of the blessing of Lord Indra. So as per me Indra 1 - Arjun 0.	
Didnt Sanjay in Mahabharata realize that Karna was Kuntis son	Sanjay didn't know, till end that Karna was son of Kunti. Only three people know till Lord Krishna revealed to Karna. Then including Karna four.They were Kunti recognised when she saw him, lord Krishna, and Bhishma, got it thru his spys on seeing the reaction of Kunti, Thus others who know are spys of Bhishma, some maids who came along with Kunti after her marriage, But they are not to open mouths of royal secrets.Sanjay only a spectator of what was happening in war field. He and others came to know when Kunti asked Udhistar to perform rituals and tapana to Karna also as he was his elder brother.	Let us first of all look into a riddle.Sanjay had got a Divya Drishti (for whatever period). He could see everything going on in the battlefield - sitting right at the palace (of Dhritarashtra). Then what was the need that he went to the battlefield, wielded arms, took part in the battle and got arrested by the Pandavas and released later at the request of Vyasa? At that time, reportedly, Duryodhana had not died. Later, after Ashwatthama’s havoc was done and Duryodhana died he reported that he lost the Divya Drishti.Only three things are possible - Vyasa wrote the Mahabharata inconsistently and he forgot what he wrote whereat and what could imply what. Or somebody has inserted inconsistencies in the story without understanding their ramifications. Or Sanjay had no Divya Drishti. He was a battlefield spy during the war. Divya Drishti is a literary device to tell the story dramatically.Sometimes I speak in a literary style. I say ‘Bertrand Russell told me that ……”. A dull listener asks me (sincerely): Did you really met him, etc? An intelligent listener understands that it is a literary style of narration. Many times I have narrated the stories like “The last time when I met Narada, he explained to me …”. A dull listener takes it literally. In a similar manner, Sanjay’s Divya Drishti is a literary style.Nobody knows everything - cannot know. Not even God because ‘know’ is not applicable to Him. He does not know anything and He is not unaware of anything. He ‘is’ everything. So, in Him, the knowledge, the known and the knower merges. Possibly, the only verb applicable to God is ‘is’ and not even its other forms such as ‘was’, ‘will’, etc. Perhaps, even ‘is’ is not needed. This is our way to tell about Him. And He is irrespective of our telling or even our being.So, Sanjay was not aware of Karna being Kunti’s son.This is my view. Others who are Pundits of Mahabharata can tell you more.	I don't think that Sanjay knew this secret beforehand. Actually as far as I know, only Lord Krishna only knew this secret. Now coming back to your question, Sanjay was just a mere spectator to witness the whole incident of the 18 day long war. When Krishna unveiled the secret to Kunti first, then at that very same moment Sanjay also learnt it and then he told it to Dhritarastra. It's like you are watching a daily soap and sudden the story got a twist. I'm pretty sure that Sanjay too like others was shocked to know the secret.Though I'm not well versed in the epics, still I'm trying to help you by the knowledge I know. Hope it hepled you :-)Radhe Radhe!!!	
What is the role of Viswakarma in the Mahabharata	In The Mahabharat discribes “VISHWAKARMA” as the god of architecture and engineering. he built Hastinapur, Indraprastha, Dwarka.Hindu mythology is full of Vishwakarma's many architectural wonders. Through the four yugas, he had built several towns and palaces for the gods. In Satya-yuga,he built the Swarg Loke, or Heaven, the abode of the gods and demigods where Lord Indra rules. Vishwakarma then built the Sone ki Lanka in Treta yuga. Hindus widely regard Vishwakarma as "The lord of the arts, executor of a thousand handicrafts, the carpenter of the gods. In September 16 or 17 every year is celebrated as Vishwakarma Puja-a resolution time for workers and craftsmen to increase productivity.	
What was the crocodile test which was passed by Arjuna	Once upon a time a crocodile caught Dronacharya while he was teaching his students. Instead of defending himself Dronacharya decided to take this opportunity to see the ability of his students.He cried (acting) for help. All his students became clueless and bewildered except for Arjun who immediately took out his arrows and killed the crocodile.Guru Dronacharya was impressed by Arjun’s presence of mind and applying his skills in a life situation. Eventually Dronacharya blessed Arjun with the BRAMHASTRA weapon and also the knowledge as to how to launch and withdraw it.This is very notable because Dronacharya has never even disclosed the information of the weapon to his own son Ashwaththama.	
Which books has the original Ramayana and Mahabharata stories	Valmiki’s Ramayana is the original aunthetic text written in ancient Sanskrit. Ramayana means times or roughly ruling of Rama. This has been translated, If I am right , into 24 or more Indian languages, each translator added his own views into these. In one version , Lord Rama was portrayed as Evil and Ravana as a God. These views are diametrically opposite to what was said by the sage Valmiki.Coming to Mahabharata as you all know , has been written /narrated by Veda Vyasa - the one who has divided the One Veda - into Four. In the ultimate analysis - Mahabharata is nothing but the essence of Veda (s). That’s why it is called ‘Panchayama Veda ‘. When One goes through these original texts, One finds many instances or situations, which are narrated in such a way that they answer the questions that reader has in his mind at that point of time. Oh please don’t label these as stories or Aesop fables. If one googles, one can find authentic version of Valmiki Ramayana and Vyasa Mahabharata.PS: Just found that IIT Kanpur has develped a website on Vedas, Shahstras etc.Check it out: Welcome to Gita Supersite!No issue of language. IITK smartly put each Shloka in various languages. Most amazingly, commentary on each shloka by various scholars has also been provided. When you select the language as Bengali , it automatically translate everything into Bengali. So on and so forth. Besides this audio is also available.	The nearest to the reality is Gitapress Gorakhpur books.	
What has made Karna not stop his friend Duryodhana from doing evils If true friendship is considered he should have stopped him to make those mistakes	There is an episode in the Udyog Parva, where Krishna, after failing to convince the Kauravas for peace, exits the Kaurava court and picks up Karna in his chariot, taking him to an undisclosed location. No one dared follow Krishna, though Duryodhona had plans of imprisoning him (such was his idiocy).Krishna tries to entice Karna to join the Pandavas by disclosing the mystery of his birth stating that, since he is the eldest Pandava, he has all rights to the throne. Karna, we know, rejected this proposal. The reasons he provides are as follows:First, he provides a reason for not joining the Pandavas by stating that, after Kunti abandoned him, he was brought up by Suta Adhirath and Radha. Then he states “O Krishna! In Dhritarashtra’s lineage, I have obtained refuge with Duryodhana. I have enjoyed a kingdom for thirteen years, without any thorns”.He then proceeds to state how he grew up in a Suta household following suta customs and suta marriages. Therefore now it’s impossible for him to go back. He then proceeds to request Krishna to exhort the Pandavas to fight; that, how this is the moment that all Kshatriyas had been waiting for colouring the impending war in the metaphor of a great yagna of sacrifice.But the key statement is the above in bold. He had obtained refuge with Duryodhona and enjoyed unprecedented luxury and prestige. After having so enjoyed this, how could Karna ask Duryodhona not to fight?Actually, Karna, the smart man that he was, knew that no one can prevent Duryodhona from this great war. Duryodhona’s entire existence depended on the subjugation of the Pandavas. And truth be told, Karna’s existence depended on the duel with Arjun with Arjun’s defeat in his hands (this is what he lived his entire life for right from Drona’s school during his teenage years). Hence, no matter how much Karna predicts a victory of the Pandavas in the forthcoming war, he nonetheless wants to proceed with the war even though by then he probably knew that he would die in the hands of Arjun.(“O Krishna! I regret the harsh words I used against the Pandavas to please Dhritarashtra’s son. I am now tormented by that deed. O Krishna! When you see me killed by Savyasachi, that will be the punashchiti of their sacrifice. When Pandava roars loudly and drinks Duhshasana’s blood, that will be the drinking of soma. O Janardana! When the two from Panchala bring down Drona and Bhishma, that will be the conclusion of the sacrifice. O Madhava! When the immensely strong Bhimasena kills Duryodhana, that will signify the end of Dhritarashtra’s sacrifice. O Keshava! Dhritarashtra’s daughters-in-law and granddaughters-in-law will gather together, their lords killed, their sons killed, their protectors killed. O Janardana! Together with Gandhari, they will weep at the sacrificial site, frequented by dogs, vultures and ospreys.”).Krishna, smiles and replies (in a long detailed description) that this is how it will exactly happen. And the war concludes exactly how Karna described it.Reference : Mahabharata Critical Edition Translated by Bibek Debroy, Karna-Upanivada Parva	OK, first some context.Was Duryodhana evil?It is said that history is written by the winners and the Mahabharata is no exception. The Pandavas with the help of Lord Krishna won the war and with the subsequent deification of Krishna, the Mahabharata has been re- invented as a tale of the victory of the righteous over the corrupt. In reality, it was nothing but a succession struggle that could not be resolved peacefully. Duryodhana is portrayed as the principal 'villain' motivated by jealousy over the Pandavas' prowess, their beautiful capital Indraprastha and of course their possession of the hand of the redoubtable Draupadi. But the more important inference to be drawn is that Duryodhana's feelings of resentment and envy are specific to the Pandavas and there are no records to show that he was in general a cruel person. In fact, if the legends are to be believed, Duryodhana was a good husband and a great friend. True, he dishonored Draupadi, but let us not forget that it was Yudhistra who wagered her in the first place. In a just world, with the scales properly balanced, we would judge Yudhistra as harshly as we judge Duryodhana.Now, consider Karna. Abandoned by his mother, shunned despite his prodigious talent because of his low caste, the only measure of respect that he gets is from Duryodhana. Karna was humiliated by the Pandavas and Draupadi and he believed in Duryodhana's cause. We need to understand that even if Duryodhana had honored the pact and restored Indraprastha to the Pandavas after their exile, there would still have been war. Remember Draupadi's vow? Draupadi refused to tie her hair until she bathed it in the Kauravas' blood. Duryodhana and Karna knew that they had to fight the Pandavas and so they did. If you think Duryodhana is evil because he fought for power, land or revenge, then so are the Pandavas for they fought for pretty much the same reasons. Its only that we are led to believe they had a more righteous cause. The die was cast, so to speak, when Yudhistra decided to gamble. And then there was no turning back.	To answer this question you must go back to the initial stage when and how they actually became master and slave. ( NOT FRIENDS )Karna’s mother abandoned him as soon as he was born by putting him in a basket and leaving him to the flow of the river.The child was then found by Adhiratha, a charioteer of King Dhritarashtra of Hastinapur. Adhiratha and his wife Radha raised the boy as their own son and named him Vasusena. He also came to be known as Radheya, the son of Radha. This family is of low status.When the whole world, including his mother ( Queen Qunti ) did not come to his rescue when he was ridiculed for his low status, it was Duryodhana who elevated his status. Though Duryodhana did not do it out of compassion, Duryodhana only did it to enroll a great archer equivalent to Arjuna, on his side, Karna was indebted by that.When Krishna came to persuade him to come to the side of Dharma, Karna refused because, Karna's feeling of indebtedness was so enormous that it outweighed his sense of duty towards Dharma.He failed to recognize that no duty is higher than the duty towards Dharma. He failed to recognize that what Duryodhana had done to him was not out of compassion, but out of greed.They called themselves friends. They were not. Duryodhana was a Lord and Karna was a slave. Duryodhana had bought out Karna. Karna had sold himself to Duryodhana. Karna had completely submitted to Duryodhana. They were master and slave. That is the great failure of a great human being.Edit: Krishna did his best, by just confronting Karna and telling him the truth to reclaim the throne but think about it like this if Karna did accept the throne. Karna will not even hesitate for a second to pass the throne back to Duryodhana because Duryodhana will obviously ask him to give the throne. In a way what Karna did actually makes sense, but people have a very limited perception so they cannot understand a person like Karna completely.Please upvote if you find this helpful. Thank you!	Karna was indebted to Duryodhan. Which teaches a lesson that when an individual is indebted to unscrupulous people, their worth becomes zero.Even though Karna was a highly skilled warrior and considered himself a friend of Duryodhan. His opinions/advice were worth nothing. Karna did not approve of the “lac” project (house of wax designed to burn the Pandavas alive) but Duryodhan always spoke sweetly in order to bend everyone to his will.“Conditions” in friendship often throttle sound advices.	There is difference between companionship and friendship. When Dhuryodhana first met Karna and gifted Anga kingdom,In Dhuryodhana view, Karna is a warrior which he always want, such that he can have such warrior in his side as Pandavas are having Arjun. So there is selfishness here.In the view of Karna, Dhuryodhana is the first person to console him. So he devoted him and made Dhuryodhana his Superior and started following his orders.A time went by, they have started doing things together and therefore companionship started between them. But there is no friendship. So still there is no equality between them. Karna feels Dhuryodhana as his Superior.Later when Dhuryodhana's desire to become King has increased, Sakuni's impact oh Dhuryodhana has increased, when Krishna entered into Mahabharata, Dhuryodhana started to see lot of failures. There has to be someone to console Dhuryodhana. And there comes Karna as a friend. Karna unable to see Dhuryodhana to be depressed as Karna know the pain of depression of not getting what they want.Now by using which words he can console Dhuryodhana. He definitely can't say ..It's ok. That thrown doesn't belongs to you. So he started to say “I am going to help you in getting that thrown”While looking in Karna's point , Karna struggled to not be the part of adharma. But what he obsered is, when entire world asked Karna to stop learning archery skills Dhuryodhana stood for him. So now entire world started stopping Dhuryodhana from getting thrown and Karna is helpless. So he helped his master using his archery skills by Sakuni's plan even he knows it is Adharma.	The belief that people usually have in them that who cares for good in this world. Nobody is ethical in this world. Everyone is waiting for the opportunity to show their true colours.Karna believed that duryodhan is right. There was nothing wrong in going unethical with your enimies. If you be ethical with your enimies they will use you for their benefit.Sometimes most of believe like this only. And it is nothing wrong believing as such. You will have consequences even if you be ethical or unethical. Kauravas and pandavas both faced different consequences due their different belief.	
What do Mahabharata and its characters say specifically about intercaste marriage or relation and children born as a result of them like chandalas	From Varna (Hinduism) - WikipediaThe Mahabharata, estimated to have been completed by about the 4th century CE, discusses the Varna system in section 12.181.[18]The Epic offers two models on Varna. The first model describes Varna as color-coded system, through a sage named Bhrigu, "Brahmins Varna was white, Kshtriyas was red, Vaishyas was yellow, and the Shudras' black".[18] This description is questioned by another prominent sage Bharadvaja who says that colors are seen among all the Varnas, that desire, anger, fear, greed, grief, anxiety, hunger and toil prevails over all human beings, that bile and blood flow from all human bodies, so what distinguishes the Varnas, he asks? The Mahabharata then declares, according to Alf Hiltebeitel, a professor of religion, "There is no distinction of Varnas. This whole universe is Brahman. It was created formerly by Brahma, came to be classified by acts."[18]The Mahabharata thereafter recites a behavioral model for Varna,that those who were inclined to anger, pleasures and boldness attained the Kshatriya Varna;those who were inclined to cattle rearing and living off the plough attained the Vaishyas;those who were fond of violence, covetousness and impurity attained the Shudras.The Brahmin class is modelled in the epic, as the archetype default state of man dedicated to truth, austerity and pure conduct.[31] Indeed, it goes on to assert that all men are children of Brahmins, which does not make sense, unless understood this http://way.In the Mahabharata and pre-medieval era Hindu texts, according to Hiltebeitel, "it is important to recognize, in theory, Varna is nongenealogical. The four Varnas are not lineages, but categories."[32]The Bhagavad Gita describe the professions, duties and qualities of members of different varnas.There is no entity on earth, or again in heaven among the Devas, that is devoid of these three Gunas, born of Prakriti.Of Brâhmanas and Kshatriyas and Vaishyas, as also of Sudras, O scorcher of foes, the duties are distributed according to the Gunas born of their own nature.The control of the mind and the senses, austerity, purity, forbearance, and also uprightness, knowledge, realisation, belief in a hereafter– these are the duties of the Brâhmanas, born of (their own) nature.Prowess, boldness, fortitude, dexterity, and also not flying from battle, generosity and sovereignty are the duties of the Kshatriyas, born of (their own) nature.Agriculture, cattle-rearing and trade are the duties of the Vaishyas, born of (their own) nature; and action consisting of service is the duty of the Sudras, born of (their own) nature.[33]	There are multiple places where intercaste marriages are mentioned in Mahabaratha and duties of children born as a result.Anusasana Parva: Section XLVIIIThe son that is begotten by a Brahmana upon a Sudra wife is called Parasara, implying one born of a corpse, for the Sudra woman's body is as inauspicious as a corpse.The Sudra can take only one wife, viz., she that is taken from his own order. … A son that takes birth under circumstances other than those mentioned above, comes to be looked upon as a very inferior one.If a person of a lower order begets a son upon a woman of a superior order, such a son is regarded as outside the pale of the four pure orders. Indeed, such a son becomes on object of censure with the four principal orders	
What would be the difference between Bhishma and Arjuna if they were the chairmen of a big company in today s time	In today's modern world,Bhishma could be the C.E.O of the Company, if he did not wanted it for sake of his father or something like that. He would decide the rules and regulations being brave to take tough decisions at times. He would follow doctrine rigorously. He would hesitate sometime to take decision and frown upon new changes and updation of the company.Arjuna would be the Vice President for Human Resources of the company. He would be someone who could gladly sit on C.E.O chair someday. He know people. He is a constant learner and developer of his subjects. He is alright if there are some new changes in the inventory. His recruits would be very Efficient for work.	Bhishma can never be a chairman because he never anticipated nor he worked for power, he was a servant to the chair always, although an unmatchable great warrior. He could only be in the Board of Directors and as a nodder.Arjuna can never be a chairman because he was always a performer, on whom the emperor Yudhishtira always relied upon. He flourished upgrading his skills, acquiring new weapons and was always focused during fight. He had no people skills, nor the management skills plus he was a perfect student rather than a strategic advisor. So, he could mostly be a Vice President with an independent contributor role.	A chairman like Bhishma would only hurt the business as he is not a decision maker. Anything he would suggest would go in the bin as he won’t be able to convince his board members. Arjun on the other hand will have a person like Bhishma beside him to guide him. His ambition and confidence will help with business making and with the Board members.	Bhisma would have vowed to let his father remain as chairmen of there company to let his father feel happy .He would have given chairmanship to his brothers and protected them and managed whole business , great grand children would fight among them seleves just like it happens in big corporates like Birlas .Bhisma would have divided his corporate business in 2 . there would be huge legal battle between 2 brothers over the rights to manage the business . Bhisma would have to leave out in the middle to suffer .Arjuna would need godfathers to manage his emotions and would entirely depend on his brothers to manage an empire . He would have required to play unfair games to rise to top .	Both companies will fail. Bhishma will not take any decision or action. Arjuna will be running after consultants and tax rebates	Both will fail miserably. Because in Mahabharata, Bhishma is a non-performer and Arjuna is an excellent worker but not leader.	
How has Dwarka been described in the Mahabharat With real translations	It was somewhat like the Lanka of Ravana. Some columns and beam covered with gold, found near sourshtra ie in Arabi oceion before near what 25 years. It was said by the scientist that the land of dwaraka disappeared in ocean due to some geographic changes.	
Why did Karna refuse to leave Duryodhana	Why did Karna refuge to leave Duryodhana?To achieve something, it was natural for Karna to be a companion of many who stood behind a single person so as to increase his morale by 100 times.Karna just had to dislike Pandavas because they had no one except the mature persons like Bhishma and Kunti only to back and Vidura had been wary for open support.Active support of Shakuni and unexpressed desire of the king himself though the king knew well what was his scope to inculcate feelings to think as his son would become a king or not.At the time of birth of Duryodhana, the king of Hastinapur did ask one question to Vidura, if his son would or would not become king and there was no answer to his that question from any one.So all believed as children that Duryodhana being the son of king shall become king but why there was talks of Yudhisthira by the matured persons for getting more importance than what Duryodhana received.The whole world appeared to the children as if conniving against Duryodhana and thought of nothing about his training.Karna did know due to his age that it was Arjuna’s capability which made him dearest desciple and to keep him high the eldest brother had been receiving the favour because Bhima was making balance with the mace in hands vis a vis Duryodhana.Apparent would be king had been thought as the virtual king in making into Duryodhana when there was no intent in the mind of Yudhisthira at all.So Karna became part of all activities thought by himself, by Shakuni and overlooked by the king and mouths closed by Kunti on advice given to her by Vidura, the atmosphere of uncertainty boosted Karnas association as on right path till Shri Krishns made clear to Karna as what he meant if he sides with Yudhisthira.In those days “ indebtedness” to some one was the heaviest burdon so as to repay and this mindset made Karna a virtual villain.So far as the solitary instance of Yuyutsu to leave his own brother is concerned, it could be stated that Yuyutsu was also the contestant for his own welfare and he was fine in chosing for who could give him his welfare better.Karna was helplessly tied with morality and the image in public after the war or even during the war if poised against Duryodhana.So he made everything secret.Karna silently chose the path of self annihilation beacause his bravery became his asset by holding talks with Shri Krishna.Shri Krishna on the time of his fight for life made clear that Karna fought on the side of Duryodhana as if there were two Duryodhanas, one being Karna.	Lord Krishna before the commencement of Mahabharata war,open the secret of his birth and requested him to leave Duryadhana.He refused to leave Duryodhana and the reason for that according to him is stated below.My mother, while a maiden, bore me in her womb, O Janardana, through her connection with Surya. And at the command of Surya himself, she abandoned me as soon as I was born. Even thus, O Krishna, I came into the world. Morally, therefore, I am the son of Pandu. Kunti, however, abandoned me without thinking of my welfare. The Suta, Adhiratha, as soon as he beheld me, took me to his home, and from her affection for me, Radha's breasts were filled with milk that very day, and she, O Madhava, cleansed my urine and evacuations. How can one like us, conversant with duties and ever engaged in listening to scriptures deprive her of her Pinda? So also Adhiratha of the Suta class regardeth me as a son, and I too, from affection, always regard him as (my) father. O Madhava, that Adhiratha, O Janardana, from paternal affection caused all the rites of infancy to be performed on my person, according to the rules prescribed in the scriptures. It is that Adhiratha, again, who caused the name Vasusena to be bestowed upon me by the Brahmanas. When also I attained to youth, I married wives according to his selections. Through them have been born my sons and grandsons, O Janardana. My heart also, O Krishna, and all the bonds of affection and love, are fixed on them. From joy or fear. O Govinda. I cannot venture to destroy those bonds even for the sake of the whole earth or heaps of gold. In consequence also of my connection with Duryodhana of Dhritarashtra's race, I have, O Krishna, enjoyed sovereignty for thirteen years, without a thorn on my side. I have performed many sacrifices, always however in connection with persons of the Suta tribe. All my family rites and marriage rites have been performed with the Sutas. Obtaining me, O Krishna, Duryodhana hath, O thou of Vrishni's race, made this preparations for an armed encounter and provoked hostilities with the sons of Pandu. And it is for this, O Achyuta, that in the battle (that will ensue), I, O Krishna, have been chosen as the great antagonist of Arjuna to advance against him in a single combat. For the sake of death, or the ties of blood, or fear, or temptation, I cannot venture, O Janardana, to behave falsely towards the intelligent son of Dhritarashtra.	Many people don't know this but Karna also followed Dharma to its core. Since one principle of Dharma is loyalty , he did not leave Duryodhana's side till his last breath .He knew that he was one of the Pandavas . He knew that the Pandavas were going to win but still he did not leave the side of his best friend .That is Karna for you.I hope this answer was helpful to you . Please let me know in the comments section .Thanks for reading.	Sense of duty, gratitude and above all the strong bond that he had developed with Duryodhana all these years made him to take the decision. Karna was more than 60 years by then and always viewed Pandavas as an inferior lot and was determined to stand by his friend and benefactor Duryodhana , come what may. He was not the one to be lured by kingdom or the loyalty and love of Pandavas which was offered to him.	Karna and Duryodhana relation was a marriage of self interest. Difficult to leave for a spiritually bankrupt person like Karna.	
What is dharma according to Karna	According to karn , his dharam was only to pay debt of duryodhan…karn was humiliated all his life by pandwas and other royal pereons. But it was duryodhan,who give karn all the honour.So karn choosed to stay with duryodhan in the war of Mahabharat. He decided that Staying with duryodhan was his dharam ( friendship dharam)Karn was great donator, he was great warrior but he choosed to stay with ADHARAM (duryodhan) .A very small line intersects between dharam and adharam.Karn followed his dharam of friendship but, unfortunately he was with duryodhan ( symbol of adharm). So karn was at adharam side.	
How do I design an architectural interpretation center for the Mahabharata	Designing an interpretation center starts with building a narrative. As your narrative is already defined here, the next step will be to determine what parts of the Mahabharata you would like to showcase at your Interpretation Center.Once you have your list of scenarios and narrative in place, explore architectural elements. This requires visiting the very basics. Questioning the role of walls, roof forms, horizontal and vertical elements, planes etc. Parallelly, also do some reading about architecture’s effect on human psychology. It is important to establish a connection between the elements of the built form and the possible feelings it might induce in the user.I would suggest looking at The Virasat Khalsa, an interpretation center for the Sikh religion located in Anandpur Sahib, near Chandigarh. It was designed by Moshe Safdie and is an architectural wonder (Do visit if you get a chance). You can also visit Akshardham in Gandhinagar where they have represented parts of the Mahabharata.All the best on your project! May the gods be with you! :)	
Why was Shakuni so cruel in the Mahabharata	Shakuni was cruel and wicked there is no doubt about it. But he had no secret Agenda and neither he wanted any Revenge. This whole he wanted Gandari to marry Pandu, his father died with his brother because Bhishma starved them etc etc are just folktales.The truth is he was just a person who wanted to enjoy his life and also make sure that his sister lives a good life. But when she got married to Dhritrasthra , he started working for betterment of his nephew Duryodhana. He just wanted to make him king and thus worked towards it. He had no Revenge story or any ulterior motive other than to make his nephew king. Once it was done after division of Hastinapur, he just started living peacefully. But it was Duryodhana who couldn’t live seeing his cousins prosper and he forced Shakuni to device a plan. Then dice game was plotted.Shakuni also advised Duryodhana to give back Land to Pandavas because Arjuna had saved their lives. But Duryodhana blinded by hatred and backed by Karna refused and rejected his peace proposal.So, he was just like many selfish people who want money for themselves and for their family members. But he was not dumb to get his own people killed for some imaginary revenge story. Getting daughters married to strong families even if the bridegroom was not perfect was common in many royal families. Gandhar too saw Hastinapur as an ally and Bhishma only went with gifts.	Gandhari was married to banana tree before marrying to dhritirastra, as she had mangal dosha in her kundli. This was kept hidden to dhritirastra by her father . Later when dhritirastra knew about this , he got very angry on gandharis father , he captured gandharis father and all the brothers and their kingdom and put them in jail and used to tortured them , they used to give them small amount of foods.One by one all her brothers started to die due to starvation and torture . In prison they all made plan to destroy kurubansh , that whatever food they will get will be given to sakuni to keep him alive and healthy, they will request dhritirastra to release at least sakuni , sakuni will live at hastinapur to destroy bhisma and dhritirastra , plus sakunis father told him that after his death sakuni will use his bones to destroy kuru bansh- which were later used for making pashas for the dice game. Sakuni used to stay at hastinapur as he had no kingdom to rule and to take the revenge. He used to support duryodhan not because he was dhritirastras son, but because he was son of his sister Gandhari. Dhritirastra was not a good person. Sakuni used to hate bhisma as everything was done under his commadership.	Why was Shakuni so cruel in Mahabharatha? I will have a different take here. Shakuni’s father was Suvala who was the king when Bhishma asked Gandhari’s hand for Dhritharashtra. The probability was there was minimum chance of Shakuni becoming king in Gandhara after Suvala. Shakuni understood he could not become an important person in his own kingdom. But when he came to Hastinapura where he could see the confusions the teenager Duryodhana had and the confusions of Duryodhana’s father, he found he could play a role in the life of these two persons based on their problems and based on what he knew. Duryodhana had really genuine problem when he was a teenager. But he was not properly advised by his parents and neither did he choose to speak to his well wishers Balarama or Krishna about his problems. He was happy to listen to what Shakuni had to tell him. But Shakuni was also neither someone who had proper skills which is the reason he could not become the king of Gandhara. He was the one with crooked brain who incited the gullible Duryodhana and because of him only, Mahabharatha war happened.	Shakuni was just like any other King however he got disappointed when Bhisma came to Gandhar with a marriage proposal of Dhritrashtra with Gandhari , the pricess of the State of Gandhar. Shakuni was not ready to let her sister marry with a blind man as he very much loved his sister. He wanted that if Bhisma wants Gandhari, he should have come with the proposal for her marriage to Pandu, the younger brother of Dhritrashtra. Gandhari did not want to disappoint Bhishma and as a mark of respect for a great man like Bhisma she just closed her eyes for ever and started to live like a blind lady. That made Shakuni more irritated and angered.Cancellation of USD 300 $ US Aid to Pakistan - more chaos	With out going into details, Shakuni had a secret agenda. He had his own reasons to hate Bheeshma and also the Kauravas in general. So he instigated Duryodhan to fight a war against Pandavas. Shakuni knew that Karavas had no chance of winning war against Pandavas. Many a times Pandavas had rescued Karavas from problems.He was a great enemy of Kauravas , but in the disguise of a well well wisher.	because he hated bhisma to hand over his sister to a blind king dhritrastra and he knows that the best way to revenge bhisma is by creating problems in the life of pandavas and so he polluted the mind of kauravas specially duryodhana and dushashana who already were envious of pandavasin this way he was willing to get 2 advantages—- revenge from bhisma and his sister’s son to become next king	
Does any man have knowledge of astras or divine celestial weapons in today s era	Here I am permitted to give you a very limited answer to your question.Surely there are many who have knowledge to invoke the divine celestial weapons. They may choose to remain incognito by choice. I myself am a witness to such an occasion where a divine celestial weapon was used in an extremely controlled manner for results. It was very effective and precise.As a rule 9, 12,15 and 27 worded mantra of the particular deity ruling the particular astra is to be taken up for purashcharan or siddhi. The purashcharan has to be done in a specific way using specific methodology. Once Siddhi has been achieved as prescribed (of the particular deity) only then it is to be taken up for use and result.Use of the astra is objective specific. Method of use here is different from the normal use of mantra. Only a siddha or the one who has mastered it can detail. If the saadhak has permission, it will work. Otherwise the siddhi will leave the saadhak that very instant.Bharat Sharman	
Did the people live in darkness during the era of Mahabharata	If you mean physical darkness, wouldn’t there have been fire torches and oil lamps or something? People did use fire and oil since Satya Yuga because how could people do pooja back then.	
Would a man of the character and ideals of Arjuna or Bhishma achieve success in today s world of deceit and dishonesty	Yes, definitely.Their character will stand out.They are humble devotees of God.They did their duty with out expecting anything in return.Both were great warriors and won many battles for their Kings or elders.But never cared for thrones .When Urvashi the Divine dancer came to him Arjuna rejected her out right.Bhishma not only refused throne but refused to http://marry.As Ramakrishna Paramahamsa said women and Gold enslave men.One who is not trapped by these two ,can achieve any thing.Moreover they were men high intelligence , hardworking and dedication.	
Who is the warrior in Mahabharata	Who else should I say….The one whom Duryodhana is afraid of.The one whom Karna is jealous of.The one whom Ashwathama envy of.The one whom Yudistir relied on.The one who put all the warriors of Hastinapur to shame in Virat war.The one who remained un-defeated.Finally the one whom GOD rested His hopes on to punish Evil and establish Dharma.Yes.ARJUNA is the warrior. Such a warrior who won GOD's trust.	
Where can I learn cool facts about Krishna Where can I learn his cool feats and knowledge	You may learn everything about Lord Krishna in the book - Krishna - The Supreme Personality of Godhead, written by His Divine Grace A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada.This book elaborately describes the entire life of Lord Krishna while He was manifest in front of us 5000 years ago in Vrindavan. His mysterious birth at the stroke of midnight in Mathura, His being carried in a torrential rain to Gokula, His nectarean pastimes with all the residents of Vrindavana, His amorous pastimes with the gopis, His youth in Mathura and later Dwaraka, all His wonderful feats are covered in this single book.This book is the English translation of the 10th canto of Srimad Bhagavatam, the concluding work of the great Vedic author Vyasadeva. The subject matter is most interesting, having been poetically expressed in the choicest words by Sri Sukadeva Goswami. I am sure you won't stop reading once you unpack the book. Happy reading!	Shri Krishna is most majestic personality in of all time.All his stories and Lila's are heart touching,he is known as chit chor or stoler of heart.For knowing all his true story and to feel divine enjoyment,I recommend everyone to read only these book about makhan chor and not any adaptation.1.Bhagavata PuranaLord Shri Krishna birth is given in end of book 9.Book 10 and book 11 consist of entire life story of Shri Krishna from childhood to death,it also consist Udhava Gita.2.MahabharataLord Narayan and his brother Nara,take rebirth as Shri Krishna and Arjuna.Mahabharata is story of Shri Krishna and Arjuna together.Shri Krishna is most important character of this epic,here Shri Krishna deliver Bhagavad Gita and Anugita.3.Garg SamhitaGarg Samhita is composition of Garg Muni. It consist of sweetest Leela's of Shri Krishna and Radha and many stories of Shri Krishna.4.Harivansha PuranThis also known as Khil bhag of Mahabharata,or last part of Mahabharata,here also entire story revolve around Shri Krishna.	
Who is Eklavya in Mahabharata	Ekalavya is the son of Nishada forest chief. He was very passionate about archery and approached Dronacharya about the same. But Dronacharya refused to teach him as he had promised that there would be no great archer than Arjuna.But Ekalavya's passion didn't stop him there. He made a statue of Dronacharya and learnt the art of archery from hiding when Dronacharya taught his students.One day when Arjuna was chasing a forest dog suddenly an arrow came from nowhere. It closed the dog's mouth in such a way that it doesn't hurt the dog. Arjuna shocked and astonished asked Dronacharya about his promise of making him the best archer.Dronacharya reached the place and Ekalavya and saw the statue. So Dronacharya demanded a Guru Dakshina from Ekalavya as he has accepted him as his guru. Ekalavya said he is ready to sacrifice anythingDronacharya asked for the thumb finger of Ekalavya's right hand. Eventhough knowing he won't be able to practice archery further without the thumb Ekalavya happily cut off his thumb and gave it as Guru Dakshina to dhronacharya.Upvote and follow if you like this	
How did some Yadavas survive if all Yadavas were supposed to be killed after the Mahabharata	Because, some of Yadavas who were not present in the their one community war, fled away to middle east Asia and other parts of the world also.2ndly, the curse of Gandhari(( the mother of Kaurvas ) were effectives on the family and the army of Yadava Sena of Lord Sri Krishn only. Gandhari had cursed Sri Krishna that his whole family and Yadvas would be finished like her own sons Kaurvas.So the Yadvas of Lord Sri Krishna Chandrvanshi dynasty were totally vanished and some of those who survived were not in the army of Lord Sri Krishna.After Yadvas war, Lord Sri Krishn decided to leave the earth for his abode Vaikuntha. He called out his most dear friend Uddhav and told him to stay here on earth till Kaliyug starting period. Sri Krishn told him that he would be always available in Sri Mad Bhagvatam and he climbed on the branch of tree. A hunter named Jara saw him and shot his arrow, which pierced to the lotus feet of Lord Sri Krishna.And finally, Lord Sri Krishna told the hunter that he had shot him from behind the tree in his previous form as Lord Sri Ram. Hence, Sri Krishna disappeared from the earth and reached his abode.Thus, all Yadavas of Lord Sri Krishna family were either killed or those who were survived, decided to another destinations, were the middle east Asia. Later, those Yadvas slowly shifted to the Sindhu river bank and now they enjoyed here majority also.Jay Siya Ram, Hare Ram/	In Mahabharata, most curses or boons never come fully true. Not even boons of Gods or curses of Rishis. For example, Shiva and Vyasa's boon to Gandhari were she would have 100 sons. Duhsala was not in their view. Similar with Gandhari's curse of Yadava destruction.The purpose is to convey the message that Time is supreme, so none has control over future, either through boon or curse.Curse mostly work out with weak minds. Strong mind can nullify curse. For example, when Krishna was returning from Kurukshetra, rsi Uttanka wanted to curse him. Krishna showed him his place.	After the war of the Mahabharata the Yadavs were destroyed and there is no doubt in that. When the Yadavs were destroyed then amongst the wives of the Yadav’s there were many who were pregnant. In the later years when the babies of those widows were born from them only the next Yadav kul was created. And the children who were living at that time but they did not participate in the war so they were also survived so they also continued the lineage of the Yadav kul.	Krishna’s sons killed each other as a curse from Gandhari. So Krishna’s own vamsa completely vanished but not the Yaduvamsa.The Yadavas are descendents of Yadu, eldest son of king Yayati and his queen Devayani.So,the yadvas now are people born in the same vamsa in which Krishna an adopted son.	No yadava survived except Shrikrishna, Balram and Krishna's grandson Vajra, who later became king of Indraprastha.	
Why did Arjuna not want to fight the Kauravas	Why indeed?Arjuna said, “Beholding these kinsmen, O Krishna, assembled together and eager for the fight, my limbs become languid, and my mouth becomes dry. My body trembles, and my hair stands on end. Gandiva (bow) slips from my hand, and my skin burns. I am unable to stand; my mind seems to wander. I behold adverse omens, too, O Kesava. I do not desire victory, O Krishna, not sovereignty, nor pleasures. Of what use would sovereignty be to us, O Govinda, or enjoyments, or even life, since they, for whose sake sovereignty, enjoyments, and pleasures are desired by us, are here arrayed for battle ready to give up life and wealth, viz., preceptors, sires, sons and grandsires, maternal uncles, father-in-laws, grandsons, brother-in-laws, and kinsmen. I wish not to slay these though they slay me, O slayer of Madhu, even for the sake of the sovereignty of the three worlds, what then for the sake of (this) earth?”[…]“How, O Madhava can we be happy by killing our own kinsmen? Even if these, with judgments perverted by avarice, do not see the evil that ariseth from the extermination of a race, and the sin of internecine quarrels, why should not we, O Janardana, who see the evils of the extermination of a race, learn to abstain from that sin?”[…]“Better would it be for me if the sons of Dhritarashtra, weapon in hand, should in battle slay me — unavenging, unarmed"Mahabharata, Bhishma Parva, Section XXVKauravas, for all their faults, were Pandavas’ cousins. Dhritarashtra, Kauravas’ father, was a father figure to Pandavas too. Gandhari, Kauravas’ mother, had always doted on the Pandavas. Bhishma was their grandsire. Drona and Kripa were their teachers. Many of their friends and acquaintances were fighting on behalf of the Kauravas.Arjuna knew he would have to slay his kith-and-kin, teachers, and friends to achieve a definitive victory. And how could he do that? How could he kill the Kauravas knowing that their deaths would devastate Dhritarashtra and Gandhari? How could he fight the elder Bhishma — the man who had loved him more than his own mother, who had pampered him more than his own father, who would have laid his life for him, had the conditions been different? How could he raise his weapons against the esteemed Drona and Kripa — stalwarts who had taught him the arts of war and warfare? How could he slaughter his countrymen, knowing that he would be haunted forever by the cries of widows and orphans?And it is not just Arjuna who is troubled by these thoughts. Just as the war is about to begin, Yudhisthira too descends from his chariot and walks over to the Kaurava army — unarmed and with folded hands — to seek their elders’ permission to fight them to death.Contrast the Pandavas’ grief and introspection to Duryodhana’s (and presumably other Kauravas’) glee and battle-lust, oblivious to the calamity that is about to befall them.Beholding the army of the Pandavas arrayed, king Duryodhana, approaching the preceptor (Drona) said these words, “Behold, O preceptor, this vast army of the son of Pandu, arrayed by Drupada's son (Dhrishtadyumna), thy intelligent disciple. There (in that army) are many brave and mighty bowmen, who in battle are equal to Bhima and Arjuna.”[…]“Hear, however, O best of regenerate ones, who are the distinguished ones among us, the leader of army. I will name them to thee for (thy) information. (They are) thyself, and Bhishma, and Karna, and Kripa who is ever victorious; and Aswatthaman and Vikarna, and Saumadatta, and Jayadratha. Besides these, are many heroic warriors, prepared to lay down their lives for my sake, armed with diverse kinds of weapons, and all accomplished in battle.”[…](Just at this time) the valiant and venerable grandsire of the Kurus, affording great joy to him (Duryodhana) by loudly uttering a leonine roar, blew (his) conch.Arjuna’s doubt with regards to the war also forms the prelude to the Bhagavad Geeta (Song of the Lord), which is essentially a philosophical meditation on the foundations of human existence in the vast cosmic landscape.Arjuna, in his grief, is an embodiment of human frailty — a troubled soul who has been forsaken by the society, universe, religion, and god (or so he believes). It is worth noting that one of Arjuna’s names is Bibhatsu (The Terrifier); yet, here the same Arjuna is terrified of what the future holds for him. Krishna’s reminder to him that he is fighting not just for Pandavas, but for humanity as a whole, enables him to overcome his despondency.Just as Arjuna is compelled to see the war to its fruition, so too, we must find it in ourselves to move forwards in the face of overwhelming adversity. Not fare well, but fare forward (T.S. Eliot, The Four Quartets).	Welcome Swain with the basic question if the fate of fighting and not fighting is known.This is the same Arjuna who had seen the unscure brothers due to frequent plots made by Duryodhana to kill especially Bhima.This is the same Arjuna who had seen Duryodhana and his brothers standing with Karna who wanted to have duel with Arjuna.In the duel the death of either one was possible.This is the same Arjuna who had to ride on the back of Bhima while running inside the tunnel which had to be dug as Purochana under command of Duryodhana wanted to burn all the brothers Pandavas with Kunti, alive and by the timely help of Vidura they escaped.This is the same Arjuna who was to become slave after Yudhisthira lost in the dice and had to see the most humiliating act of Dusshasana and Duryodhana and the words of Karna spoken for his wife Draupadi in the mid space of court of Dhritrastra.This is the same Arjuna who gathered armaments from the chief of celestials so as to fight the war and among different armoury he also got Pashupatastra.This is the same Arjuna who had vowed to fight with Bhishma and Dronacharya in the war and anounced to kill them a night before the actual war.War scene:::Arjuna says, he would not fight.Why? Was he so sentimental or became fearful of the probable defeat by the Kaurava army of 18 Akshohini or there was some thing else.Arjuna did possess the Pashupatastra and the Brahmashira given to him by Lord Shiva and his preceptor Dronacharya.He knew that once war started, the use of these two weapons could be required and the existence of the earth itself was in the jeopardy.So what for to fight.He was very much concerned with Hybrid generation.	If one reads Mahabharatha carefully Arjuna has fought with Kauravas and defeated them in sevaral instances but not so powerful to kill even one person among the hundred in view of blessings from lord shiva. since Arjuna is having lower strength he could not kill anybody where as Bheemasena had full blessings of Sri Krishna to kill all the 100 bad elements to wipe out the wicked Duryodhana and his brothers	
Would Arjuna or Karna have been able to string the Shiva Dhanush that was used in Sitas swayamvar	First of all, there was no Swaymwar like we see on TV. Secondly, Rama was destined to win and break that bow which he did just like that without any contest. He was seeing it and he broke it.Now, when it comes to Arjuna he would have strung it. He was great archer, very strong and devotee of same shiva who was owner of that bow. He was also devotee of Rama. But why would he?and Karna was not able to string bow at Draupadi swaymwar as Per BORI< C.Rajagopalachari , Gita press and other editions. Only some editions like KMG or say on 3–4 manuscripts out of 1200 endorse that view. He failed at swaymwar beyond doubt.	No , Shiv dhanush was bestowed to king janaka through Parshurama as protection to kingdom the day Janaka discovers Sita. Shiv dhanush can only be lifted and stringed by person Sita wishes to marry , it was will of Sita that Shiv dhanush acted upon . If Sita had choosen Arjuna or Karna , yes ofcourse they would have stringed the Shiv dhanush. Rama being divine himself has power to break it which ericks Parshurama .	Of course not! Sita was destined to marry Ram. Lady Lakshmi can only get married to Lord Vishnu. Neither Arjuna nor Karna are Lord Vishnu.They'd have failed just like any other king. Not because they weren't powerful enough, they were just not worthy.	
Why are the unabridged books of the Mahabharata in English very expensive	Yes true! Very expensive to get Mahabharata in English.Possible reasons:The person worked on it has to translate @ 1L plus verses. This needs that persons earning hours to be paid appropriately. After editing publisher has to be identified. Usually good popular publishers need famous writers to get the published articles sold immediately as paper looses it's color and binding glue with time and stocking books means like demurrage. It also needs lot of commercial space.Next is language barrier. People usually go for handy books and it's difficult by a single buyer to have 10 to 12 volumes and may even not be able to maintain same in small houses unless having a separate reading room. Besides these constraints the selling volume makes a big difference. As the volume( quantity of sale) increases the price of book reduces.Again specifically, Mahabharata people may have a choice of reading it in own mother tongue as it's having more essense in Sanskrit verse & translation to respective language. Very few enthusiasts are there to read it in English and publisher has no choice other than to print it in low volumes and the burden of under production is passed on to each set.It took very long time for me to have Mahabharata in Telugu, my mother tongue. Thanks to Gita press as they sell published books at price astonishingly very low. Even now I need to wait for few more months to get all parvas. Obviously Gita press is doing a service by selling books at very low cost but we can't expect the same from popular publishers.Even editing is very expensive and tidious task as the persons involved need to be masters in both the languages, Sanskrit and English.	
Is there any Marathi novel written on the life of Arjuna like Mrutyunjay that is written on Karnas life	It is my pleasure to introduce the Marathi novel Dhananjay written by Rajender Kher.This book is a relief of sorts because it is a Marathi novel.Mrityunjay polluted the minds of people and did irrepairable damage to the Epic in general and Arjuna in particular.Dhananjay is like a breath of fresh air since the author followed Bhandarkar Critical Edition and did not distort the facts.About the authorRajender Kher has 10 works or more published till date, and majority of them are translated and widely accepted across readers throughout India and abroad. Mr. Kher has received 5 prestigious awards for his contribution in the field of literature so far. Geetambari, based on Bhagavad-Gita,, ‘Udayan; The Musician King of Vatsa’,are some of his most popular books.Dhananjay, a novel on the life of Arjuna,was received well as it has more than six reprints to its credit.While Karna oriented novels tried to distort the Epic to highlight Karna,,Dhananjay presented the facts with honesty and conviction.For instance Karna being the student of Drona…This was really manipulated to gain sympathy for Karna ..shows like Dharma Kshetra had a field day in promoting this false notion.But Dhananjay shattered that myth and I am indebted to the author for doing so.I don’t know Marathi but I have a friend who is a maharashtrian..through her I understood how the story was written with honesty and integrity.As per my knowledge Dhananjay should be read by all those who love Arjun and the Epic. I did not search whether English Translation is awailable or not since I almost read the book completely through the eyes of my friend and I thank her for enabling me to have the delight of knowing the book on Arjun.	There is a good Marathi novel named 'Dhananjay' written by Rajendra Kher. This book is written from the perspective of Arjuna.	Yes. Dhananjay by Rajendra Kher is a classic that depicts various phases of Arjun's life .	
What is the best source to know about Mahabharata beyond basics in simple English or Hindi	Go to the link http://valmikiramayana.net and you can read original mahabharata and ramayana translated in your own mother tongue. Do read if you are interested..a	Go to you tube channel “kuch alag kuch rochak and you will get answers to all your questions.	
What did Krishna actually tell to Karna	Conversation Between Krishna and Karna Before Kurukhestra WarThe conversation between Karna and Krishna is quite fascinating.Before the Kurukhetra war, Krishna grew restless because of the presence of Karna in Kaurava camp. Krishna was not afraid of the mighty Bheesma because he knew that Bheesma had committed a sin and that time has given him a counter for Bheesma in the form of Shikhandi.Krishna was not afraid of the presence of Drona because he knew that Drupad had performed a Yagna and given birth to Dhristyadhumna, who would slay Drona in the battlefield.Krishna is however, afraid of Karna’s presence because this man has never committed a sin. So he does not have a counter for Karna and since Karna has a Vasava shakti, it is a big barrier towards the victory of Dharma. If Karna uses his Vasava Shakti, Arjuna is dead and if Arjuna is dead, the loss of Pandavas is certain.Karna getting the Vasava Shakti from Indra in exchange of his biggest defense – Kavach, Kundal. This is the weapon he will reserve for Arjuna but alas, for time has other plans.So Krishna tries to trick Karna through words.Krishna : Do you know that you are the eldest Kunti Putra. You deserve to be the king of Hastinapura. Come, join us. All the Pandavas will welcome you. Draupadi will become your queen, why are you fighting with Duryodhana?Karna : “They are not my brothers. And I have no wish to become the king. Thank you for telling me that I am the eldest Kunti Putra, I have been searching this answer all my life. My mother left me the moment I was born. Is it my fault I was born an illegitimate child?”Krishna : (In a firm tone yet patiently answered) I was born in a jail and my death was destined even before I opened my eyes in this world. Now that you know who you are, why don’t you join the camp of Dharma?Karna : With all due respect to you, who are you to define what is my dharma?. I am aware of my dharma and I am doing it every single day.Krishna : And what is your dharma, may I know?Karna : My Dharma is to protect my friend when he needs me the most.Krishna : Even at the cost of siding with a force which is doing Adharma towards hundreds of thousands of men? Do you know that your presence in the Kaurava camp ensures that Dharma has to fight harder for victory?Karna : The force has its own reasons, I have my own reasons. Where were you when Drona denied me to teach lessons because I do not belong to a royal family? Where was Dharma when I was not allowed to compete in the Swayamvar of Draupadi and I was insulted of being a person from lowerly caste? Where was dharma when I had to answer every single person how a suta putra became the king? Dharma or righteousness for that matter has never been my friend. I have only one friend and only one dharma.Its called Duryodhana.Dhoop Surya ka saath chor sakti hai,upaj dharti ka saath chor sakti hai,disha vaan ka saath chor sakti hai,kintu yeh soot putra karna Duryodhana ka sath nahi chor sakta.Krishna : Do you agree that Duryodhana is wrong and that he is the only one responsible for this war?Karna : I do.Krishna : What is your motivation for fighting this war? Pandavas have their reasons, Duryodhana has his, what is your reason? What will you gain from this war?Karna : I am not fighting this war to gain anything. After Ganga putra Bheesma, I am the most unfortunate lone warrior in this battlefield. Fighting for nothing. He has his Pratigya and hence he is helpless. But I am not helpless. I can walk away from the war. But No, I won’t. I cannot leave my friend when he needs me the most. I know he is wrong but that has nothing to do with my gratitude.Krishna : What if both the parties decide to do peace? What if the war never starts? How are you going to re-pay your debt of friendship?Karna : Are you kidding me? When god is standing at my doors trying to persuade me in changing tracks, be rest assured that war is inevitable. Why would the god come to my doors if the doors of peace were open?Krishna : Fine. What if Pandavas win and they invite you to become the king of Hastinapura? You will have to marry Draupadi then, will you do it?Karna : No that is not even a possibility. At the end of this war, either I will be alive or Arjuna will be. No matter who wins this war, one of us is going to die. And as far as Draupadi is concerned, that is the only regret I have. I have wrongly insulted her, called her a whore in the court room. I shouldn’t have said that. So even if she approaches me, I am not worthy of her now. At one point, I was. But not now. It’s too late.Later, Krishna discusses this situation with Satyaki and how he failed to persuade Karna. He says that time must have an answer to this and that we should wait for that counter to evolve (that counter to Karna was Ghatotkacha – Bheema’s asura son)This conversation just shows how much virtues and valor Karna had and how dutiful he was towards his Dharma (protecting his friend when he needs him the most).But what Krishna really meant to make Karna understand is thatLife wasn’t fair to anyone. In fact, it can never be because in this human form all of us were here to learn certain lessons and it was important that we did.He explained just because life has been unfair to you and a certain person has been good to you, who is essentially a threat to the entire society; you will, in the end, have to choose your conscience above the person. It is the right dharma. It is the only way.The fact of the matter is, whether be Karna or Krishna, they were essentially here expressing themselves in a human form. This world is a stage and we are all mere characters fulfilling the destiny of the biggest play of all time we call Life. Universe has a way of manifesting things and we are all in alignment with our soul path.Those who realise and align themselves with their path are freed from the Karmic bondage those who don’t, they come back again to complete the lesson and knowledge that is still unavailable or partially available to them.The dialogue between Krishna and Karna is a classic example of understanding the difference between ignorance and awareness. Sulking in self-pity has never given any solution. However, when you stand up many times to hold yourself erect and speak your truth, you release yourself from all the unnecessary drama.Life is a lesson and one should accept all they are to experience.	I've been waiting for this question for a long time…In the Udyoga Parva (Bhagvat yana Parva)After the Virat roop scene… Krishna rushes out and gets on his chariot to reach out to kunti…to ask her if she has anything to tell to her sons after which kunti tells krishna a story of Vidula and her son…But let's get back to where krishna was on his chariot…Karna and Krishna had a conversation…And the conversation didn't took place because Krishna was afraid that karna would be able to defeat arjuna…The whole conversation was only on one thing, that whenever Bheeshma used to Show the right path to Duryodhana … He used to turn towards his friend karna and boast on Karna’s prowess…Krishna tells him that he's kuntiputra, elder than Yudisthira… if Yudisthira will get to know this… he'll step back and make Karna the king… but all he asked him to do, was to convince duryodhana for not having unnecessary bloodshed…as Duryodhana's prime ego was a friend like Karna… to which karna politely denies…After which Krishna goes to kunti….I'll request people here to keep everything as it is in critical text and not apply their own logic and try to glorify Karna…	Krishna came to Hastinapur as peace envoy as the last attempt to stop the war. When Duryodhan refused to give even a needle point of territory to Pandavas, Krishna was leaving Hastinapur when Bheesma and others saw him off. Krishna took Karna on his chariot and drove outside the city and stopped at a desolate place to talk to Karna. Krishna told Karna that as per scriptures, the son of a maiden gets the name of her husband whom she marries later. In that way, Karna is a Pandava as he was born to Kunti by Sun god before her marriage to Pandu. Karna was unmoved and said he knew it all. Krishna then told Karna that as the eldest brother of Pandavas, he is the rightful heir of the throne. he can then make Yudhishthir the crown prince. If he joins Pandavas, they will all obey him and Draupadi will be his wife too.Karna refused and said if he gets the kingdom then he has to offer it to Duryodhan only. Karna asked Krishna to keep his birth secret to himself. Karna also said that through astral signs, he knows that Kurus will be destroyed and Pandavas will win the war. But he wanted to fight the war and fight Arjun.	
Who would you cast as your favorite characters in Mahabharata if such a movie is ever made	Thank you for the A2A.I’ve never attempted any form of this question before simply because I could never think of anyone for casting as my most favorite characters in the Mahabharata. My most favorite are the three Krishnas, Krishna Vâsudeva, Arjuna and Draupadi, and I still have nobody in mind to play the first one.KrishnaNitish Bharadwaj did such an awesome job in BRC that nobody has ever touched his level of performance or conviction, in my estimation. Saurabh Jain was good, but nowhere close. So my first choice for Krishna is, and probably will always be, him.BhishmaI really liked both Mukesh Khanna and Arav Chowdhary in their portrayal of Bhishma. Both have a powerful voice with a good throw, and looked good. So for being eye candy more than any other reason, I’ll choose Arav.DronaSomeone who can portray both the seething resentment as well as bring the gravitas required for the role of the royal and much revered teacher. Someone with a commanding presence as well as superior acting ability. I choose Boman Irani, as he’s all that as well as a personal favorite.ViduraSomeone who doesn’t need to have abs and height, but looks intelligent as well as has superior acting abilities for giving a nuanced performance. Another personal favorite, Rajkummar Rao.YudhishthiraPlaying the eldest Pandava is no joke, as Yudhisthira is much more than simply a caricature of dharma. It’s a complex character requiring both acting abilities and charisma. A man who lead his powerful brothers and had their unwavering loyalty always, as well as the man who loved his wife but let her down, the man who was more Brahmin than Kshatriya, but also a known spear fighter and charioteer. I think Farhan Akhtar would do justice to Yudhishthira.BhimasenaA powerful man, a protector, a down to earth family man as well as aggression personified. Bhima had one priority in life, and that was protecting his family. Anything and everything came later. Yudi and Arjuna could hash out the finer points of dharma, this man lived to protect and put the fear of God in his foes. I think Prabhas would bring all these aspects of Vrikodara out nicely. He certainly has the physique and expertise.ArjunaThis one was THE most difficult to think up, but once I found him I was absolutely sure of my choice. The man who is the mahanayak of the epic, who is the philosopher-warrior, the dignified gentleman, the obedient brother, the worshipful disciple, the trusting friend, the loving son, the absentee husband. The man who was an adventurer at heart, a warrior beyond excellence, a powerful man who appreciated fine arts. The man who was charm personified, who made Naga princesses and celestial nymphs pine for him, who was celebrated for his youthful looks. The man who could burn the world with his intense focus and celestial arsenal with some serious firepower. Not a lot to ask, is it? But if anyone can deliver it, I’m sure Sushant Singh Rajput can. This man should have ‘Talent’ and ‘Charm’ added to his name for good.NakulaGood looks? Check.Serious disposition? Check.Handsome? Check.Not much to say? Check.Sounds downright rude, but that’s what Vyasa did to Nakula. So here’s Siddharth Malhotra rocking the good looking Pandava.SahadevaThe other twin. But far more interesting one. Youngest, and also the wisest. Also the only one apart from Bhima and Arjuna who had the guts to fight for their wife. THE only pandava to ask for war to avenge Draupadi’s humiliation. Good looking, but complex. I think Ranbir Kapoor should be able to do justice to this role.DraupadiAnother very difficult choice. I wanted a dusky actress to play Krishnaa. Someone who is beautiful as well as a wonderful actor. Someone who is dignified and intelligent as well as bold and fiery when the occasion demands it. Someone who can be both helpless and powerful. Someone with a presence, a charisma. The only current actor who satisfied most, if not all, of the criteria is Deepika Padukone.KuntiAnother complex character. She was both powerful and powerless in different places. Fate dealt her a difficult hand, but she did the best she could. She was a single parent who brought up her sons amidst plots and intrigues, and protected them as much as she could. An actor playing Kunti should be able to portray her pathos, her strength of character as well as her vulnerability. I think it’s a role right up Tabu’s alley.ShakuniA politically motivated man with questionable principles, Shakuni is often blamed for much more than he actually did. But an actor playing him should still be brilliant without going overboard, as all the actors so far playing Shakuni have been guilty of doing. Sublety can portray much more than overacting, people. And here I bring another personal favorite, Irrfan Khan, the actual Khan for all seasons.DuryodhanaThe evil prince, the mastermind of plots, the harbinger of doom for the Kuru clan, the terrible brother-in-law and the manipulative, entitled son of a man blinded by his love for his son. But Duryodhana has many other shades apart from all-black, and he is another complex character who needs a subtle, nuanced portrayal. I would personally love Rana Daggubati to play him. He has the ability to make people both love and hate him in equal measure.DussasanaA perfect heir to Duryodhana’s evil legacy, Dussasana is probably the most reviled character of the epic. And with reason. I would love to see what Ranveer Singh does to this one.KarnaThe man who people love to fight over nowadays. Love him or hate him, there’s no ignoring this one. The Karna of public psyche in general notwithstanding, the Karna of Vyasa was a big, well built man, talented but arrogant, skilled but boastful, charitable but aggressive, brave but petty, a loyal friend but manipulative and opportunistic. I think we should rope in Thangaballi for this one. So this one goes to Nikitin Dheer, ironically the son of the man who played Karna in BRC.In addition to these, I would love it if Mr Amitabh Bachchan lent his powerful vocal chords for the role of narrator. There’s nobody like him and I would love to hear the back stories and intricacies of the plot in his magical voice with perfect diction.Well, this was fun. But a movie with this star cast will never be made, I think it’s safe to assume, because of budgeting constraints and the sheer egos involved. But if anyone does go for it, please remember I’m available for the role of script writer. :-)All images courtesy Google.	Thanks for A2A.This is the toughest possible question I have ever faced on Mahabharata. I have tried my best and the answer is solely based on the imagination which I have after reading unabridged version of Mahabharata though some cases it got affected by popular imagination.I have given priority of acting ability over just look - so Draupadi, Krishna or Arjuna might not look as dusky as expected but with make up we can do some cover up.Technically it’s impossible to make a movie on Mahabharata and do justice to original story. I would rather go for a Netflix style series based on a script that would do justice to authentic translation of Mahabharata.My favorite character are Arjuna, Krishna, Draupadi. Out of all characters they inspires me a lot. I also like Satyaki, Vikarna, Bhima, Yuyutsu, Vidura as well.But technically Mahabharata would be incomplete without the iconic characters such as Duryodhana, Yudisthira, Karna, Bhisma, Shakuni, Kunti, Gandhari, Drona, Aswathamma and their characters demands strong actors.Rekha as SatyavatiMohanlal as BhismaSanjay Dutta as DritarastraAnupam Kher as ViduraPrakash Raj as ShakuniAkshay Kumar as YudisthiraKamal Hasan as DronaTabu as GandhariMadhuri Dixit as KuntiKaran Singh Grover as DristadyumnaDeepika Padukone as DraupadiKriti Shanon as SubhadraRanbir Kapoor as NakulaSidharth Malhotra as SahadevaAjay Devgan as AswathammaVidyut Jamwal as SatyakiArjun Rampal as YuyutsuRandeep Hooda as SanjayJohn Abraham as VikarnaAronodoy Singh as DussashanaRana Duuggubati as DuryodhanaNikitin Dheer as BhimaAunshka Shetty as SatyabhamaMahesh Babu as KrishnaVikram as KarnaHrithik Roshan as ArjunaAbhimanyu will be surprise package and will remain secret for now :).Image source - Google.com	My favourite characters are Vidur, Krishna and Arjun. So, the actors who play their roles would be :Vidur : Actor Sathyaraj who played Kattappa in the Bahubali series. He is a seasoned artist who has pulled off many versatile roles. Because he was so convincing as the good man forced to be on the bad side and forced to do bad things, I think he will do a pretty good job as a good man on the bad side who is not afraid to the right thing.Krishna : Saurabh Raj Jain who played Krishna in Star Plus’ Mahabharat. I am yet to come across someone who gets into the skin of the most complicated character of the epic with such consumate ease. This man truly lived his role in that series and became so synonymous with the name Krishna, that it is hard to think of anybody else in those big shoes other than him.Arjun : The hero of the epic is a dutiful and extraordinary warrior and so, to play him, my pick would be Ranveer Singh. He pulled off regal roles before very well and I think he will do a fine job in playing a warrior who silently does his duty and lets his achievements speak for themselves.Some other characters and my choices to play them are :Draupadi : Anushka Shetty/Nayanthara. Both these ladies are fine actresses who have proved their mettle in period dramas. Either of them are a perfect choice for the woman who fought the toughest battle of the epicKunti : Ramya Krishnan. Contrary to popular belief, Kunti was not a soft, submissive lady but a bold woman who single handedly brings up 5 children despite being surrounded by enemies and is a major force behind the warriors they turn out to be. I simply cannot think of any other actress other than Ramya Krishnan to pull this off.Bhishma : Amitabh Bachan. The God Father. Enough said.Yudhishtir : Shahid Kapoor. His potrayal of Rawal Ratan Singh was that of a man who sticks to his principles even if it means losing his what is dear to him, a fine parallel to Dharmaraj.Bheem : Prabhas. His strong physique and tough exterior-soft interior is a good match for the Vrikodar.Duryodhan : Rana Dagupathi. If Prabhas is Bheem, his enemy has to be Rana, the villan you cannot hate.Karna : Aham Sharma. He played the role of Karna in the star plus series and though there were many other actors who later played Karna in other serials, he set the standards very high. Like Saurabh Raj Jain, it is just difficult to imagine anyone else in his shoes.Nakul Sahadev : Vijay Devrakonda. Good looking, skilled and well mannered. Need I say more?Dusshasan : Vicky Kaushal. He is proving to be a very versatile actor. Playing the role of a mindless beast should be a good challenge to his callibre.Drona : Kay Kay Menon/Adil Hussain. Both of them are great actors and it will be a delight to watch them play a man who knew his mistakes but committed them anyway.So yes. That is my list. Feel free to drop your suggestions in the comment boxes.Edit 1 : Pooja Sharma who played Draupadi in the Star Plus serial is entitled to be as much a contender to that same role as Anushka and Nayantara. She is a terrific actress and her performance in the dice game episode is a textbook for aspiring actresses. She was hardly anything like the amateur she actually is and was a thorough professional in her performance.Edit 2 : For the wily Shakuni, my pick would be Nasser who played Bijjaldev in Bahubali. He is a veteran who has played many villan roles to perfection and his impeccable potrayal of Bhalladev’s power hungry father makes him a worthy candidate to play the man who challenged Krishna.	Thank you for A2A.In my honest opinion, I do not find anyone from Bollywood/other woods (current) worthy enough to portray characters from The Mahabharata except one person.Amitabh Bacchhan as Bhishma would be the only actor who could do justice to the complex emotions and dharmic juggernauts which Bhishma experienced.Mahabharata is a layered epic (similar to a puff pastry) with concocted emotions and sometimes, in-comprehensible characteristics of characters which Bollywood would never be able to tap or adapt. For example, Karna was very well aware that he was Kunti’s son way before she met him. Imagine the emotional outburst that a character has to portray keeping his emotions within himself, not being able to tell it out, unable to make a decision or choose between a friend and a co-born; carrying that albatross with him as long as he lived! With respect, I can not imagine anyone befitting the role.Another character undermined in almost all adaptations is Duryodhana. In the Mahabharata, there is no other character as complex as him. In today’s medical terms, we could say that he had a multiple personality disorder which is much much more complex that what we have seen in “split”. One will be flabbergasted by reading the Mahabharata, the layers of emotions which drive actions. Epic!! Anyone near-close to such a portrayal? In my opinion: NO. “It is not about muscles and lean bodies” !If at all I were to choose and allowed to go back in time, my cast would be:Krishna: NTR seniorBhishma: Bacchhan SeniorVyasa: GummadiDraupadi: SavitriYudhisthira: MGRArjuna: Akkineni Nageshwara RaoBhima: Dara Singh/ S.V.Ranga RaoNakula-Sahadeva: Sashi kapoor-Gemini GanesanShakuni: PranKarna: Uttam KumarDuryodhana: Amrish PuriAshwathhama: Raaj Kumarand the list is never-ending.On a side note: I encourage the readers to see the movie: MaayaBazaar. (It is a telugu movie which basically tells the story of how Abhimanyu got married to Balarama’s daughter). 'Mayabazar' is India's greatest film ever: IBNLive pollThose were the golden days of Cinema.The list is debatable and is my personal opinion. Perhaps, I prefer to stay “retro”.	First, I do not know any Movie Producer- Director, so there is no question of any role for me ever in Mahabharat serial.However, I would like to act as the character of Vidur if ever anyway allows the role for me. I like either the role of Chanakya or Vidur- the Younger brother of Dhirtrashtra.Vidur was the Mantri of Dhritrashtra & also a great devotee of Lord Sri Krishn and I always like to be the Bhakta of Bhagwaan. Vidur ji never feared of uttering his position and words before the King.When Draupdi was pulled out in the open court of Dhritrashtra and Dushashn tried to pull out the Saadi of Draupdi, Vidur was the only Person, who did not fear from the anger of Duyodhan. He openly advocated that such action would have serious repercussions.My first choice and preference is the Bhakti or devotion of Supreme Being. Because, it is the prime duty of Human being to take refuge to the lotus feet of Sri Raghunath ji.Jay siya Ram, Hare Ram Hare Krishn/	Well my favorite characters are Arjuna, Draupadi and Vaasudev Krishna.For Krishna I would cast ranveer Singh.For Draupadi, Jennifer Winget.And Arjuna, well no current actor comes to mind who can do justice for this role.Edit:- though there is one face that comes to mind when I think of Arjuna. But sadly this guy does not exist. I created him with lots of editing to match my image of Arjuna, the ferocious but handsome and youthful warrior. Here he is:-	
What is the story of Ranchodd Krishna	When we say Krishna, we should understand the essence of who he is – he is an irrepressible child, a terrible prankster, an enchanting flute player, a graceful dancer, an irresistible lover, a truly valiant warrior, a ruthless vanquisher of his foes, an astute statesman and kingmaker, a thorough gentleman, a yogi of the highest order, and the most colorful incarnation.Krishna has been seen, perceived, understood and experienced in many different ways by different people.Krishna lived his majority of life as Leela, where he showed various colors (Rasa-s). "Fear" was one of them.Ranchod is a name given to Krishna due to a very distinct leela that he did. “Rann" means "battlefield" & "chhod" means "abandon". The one who abandons a battlefield usually out of fear or other concerns can be termed as "Rannchhod".Let's get into some flashback to understand the whole leelaJarasandha, the King of Madgadha, was furious with Krishna for having killed Kamsa, his son-in-law. He had come to know about Kamsa’s death when his daughters-Asti and Prapti- sent a message to him that they had now become widows, thanks to Krishna.Jarasandha decided to teach Krishna and the Yadavas a lesson. To seek revenge from Krishna, Jarasandha forged a friendship with Kalyavan and other kings.It's believed that Kalyavan was the son of Sage Sheshirayan and the apsara Rambha. Sage Sheshirayan performed severe penance to propitiate Lord Shiva. Lord Siva blesssed him with a boon of a son who would not be defeated.Now the alliance decided to simultaneously attack Mathura from several fronts. Jarasandha then sent a message to the Yadavas stating that they would be spared if they handed the heads of Krishna and Balarama to him.The only option to save yadava vansh is handing over Krishna and Balrama to them so Krishna decided to face Jarasandha and kalyavan.As Krishna knows Kalyavan could not be defeated, Krishna thought of a strategy saving the city of Mathura from another war. While Balrama was fighting with Jarasandha army. He flees the battleground and moves towards mountains away from the populace and the army. Seeing this and in lieu of killing Krishna single handedly kalyavan followed Lord Krishna to those mountains and caves and start mocking him by name of “Ranchod”. He had marked Lord Krishna's distinct yellow cloth as the spotting point.Now, in one of the caves in those mountains, there slept a sage of ancient times who had not woken up. The story says that he had helped gods in the war against demons, and in the boon he had asked for sleep, because he felt tired. He also asked that if somebody happened to wake him up, he may get burnt from the light that would emerge from his eyes.Krishna knew both the boons given to Kalyavan and Muchukund. He put the yellow cloth on the sleeping sage and hid himself behind a boulder.Kalyavan mistakenly assumes that Krishna is lying there because the sage had his cloth on--he tries to wake him up. When the sage wakes up, he burns Kalyavan because of his boon.Lord Krishna appeared before the sage and blessed him for helping him kill a demon. He also blessed him with his vision and asked him to move to Badri Ashram.Ranchod seems to be a negative name, but very strategically, Lord Krishna used this name to execute a plan where no armies collided by the enemy was killed.Jai Shri Krishna	
When did the Bhagavad Gita appear in a separate text scripture book form in any language whatsoever including Sanskrit as distinct from being only a part of Mahabharata	From the day when Adi Shankara wrote the first commentary over Bhagavad Gita, it has become a mandatory text to be written a commentary for establishing one’s school of Vedantic thought, and among such three primary sets named ‘prasthAna trayi’, Bhagavad Gita got its special place in Vedantic circles.And since then it is studied as an independent text following the tradition set by the Gurus.Nowadays, due to some people with agenda, it is being thought that Bhagavad Gita is superior to mahabharata and thus we can see some posts on Quora deriding mahabharata while upholding Bhagavad Gita.No doubt Bhagavad Gita is a cream of Vedanta, but it is foolishness if someone considers mahabharata is just a war story or a narrative of a family feud. Entire mahabharata is the very same Vedanta, the very same Upanishadic cream which Bhagavad Gita summarizes.Without Mahabharata, you cannot have Bhagavad Gita. It is a saMpradAya of saMskrita literary writing that Gitas are always written inside texts written in PurANa-saMpradAya and MBH is one such text written following that style hence it contains around 28 gita-s not just Bhagavad Gita alone. So, for the sake of ease one may surely read Bhagavad Gita as a standalone text, but I wouldn’t encourage considering mahabharata inferior to Bhagavad Gita in terms of teaching of the vedantic message.After all, it is Mahabharata of which it is said “whatever you find elsewhere, exists here (in MBH), whatever is not here, exists no where else”.So in summary → Bhagavad Gita appeared as a standalone text from the day Shankara wrote his commentary over it; but still that is only for our ease as not everyone can read 1 Lakh plus verses of an itihAsa; but anyday, Bhagavad Gita is a part of mahabharata which itself is a upanishadic-vidyA.	
How would a conversation between Shri Ram and Krishna be like if they both ever meet considering both are poles apart and have very different personalities	It's the same person.We had a unique event of an avatar meeting an avatar in Ramayana itself when Lord Parasurama met Lord Ram. Both are different avatars with different flavors, came for different purposes separated by ages. However, Lord Ram can assume characteristics of Parasuram and vice-versa.A crude example would be Rajinikanth acts in different characters (Badsha, Annamalai etc) in different movies. And in some movies, he acts as Rajinikanth (actor) himself.Krishna appears as Lord Ram, Varaha, Narasimha etc… so when Krishna meets Ram, it is like real life Rajinikanth meeting Badsha Rajinikanth.	Since Krishna and Rama are one and same both being avatars of Vishnu himself, They are the same soul on different bodies. Rama was a straight forward personality while Krishna was a trickster like rebel. There are absolutely zero chances that they'll ever meet yet if a conversation was to happen between them it'd probably be Krishna appreciating the simple nature of Rama and praising him for his great deeds like slaying of mighty Ravana and even that Kumbhakarna while again explaining to Rama that his ( Krishna) acts were also duly justified as accordance with time and era and that it was necessary for some unjust acts only for the side of dharma i.e Pandavas to prevail.	
Why did Rukmi not fight in the Mahabharata yuddh	Rukmi was son of King of Vidarbha, Bhishmaka. He was a mighty warrior but not of the level of Pandava’s, Kaurava’s and certainly not of Lord Krishna. Rukmi wanted his sister Rukmini to marry with Shishupala, the king of Chedi kingdom. But, Lord Krishna abducted Rukmini with Rukmini’s consent. Shishupala and Rukmi tried to stop Krishna. Shishupala was defeated by Krishna. This was the beginning of hatred of Shishupala towards Krishna.Then Rukmi tried to stop Krishna but Krishna defeated Rukmi as well. Just as Lord Krishna was about to kill him, Rukmini stopped him. In the end, as a sign of defeat, Krishna shaved Rukmi’s head and went to Dwaraka along with Rukmini. Rukmi did not return to Kundinapuri (currently in Amaravati district of Maharashtra) and established a city Bhojakata to the west of it and remained there making it the capital of Vidarbha.Next reference of Rukmi comes just before Kurukshetra war. When it was decided that Pandava’s will have fight a war with Kaurava’s, Rukmi went to Kurukshetra. In the Pandava’s camp, Rukmi started boasting foolishly that with his might he will win the war for Pandava’s single-handedly. At one point Rukmi mocked Bhishma and Dronacharya, that’s when Arjuna and Bhima almost tried to kill him. But, Krishna stopped them and asked Rukmi to leave Pandava’s camp. Then Rukmi went to Kaurava’s camp. But, he was rejected there as well because of his relation and proximity to Krishna and Pandava’s. So, in the end, Rukmi and army of Vidarbha remained neutral in Kurukshetra war.	
Who did Karan marry in the Mahabharata	Karna had two wives. Vrushali and Urvi.Urvi was the princess of Pukeya, daughter of Babushka and Queen Shubhra. Kunti was a dear friend to queen Shubhra and they had a wish to get Arjuna and Urvi being married but she chose Karna over Arjuna and married him against the choice of her parents.	According to Mahabharata Karen married has to two wives supriya and vrushalli. Vrushalli belongs to same caste to which Karna belongs while he married to spirits when duryodhan kidnapped bhanumati to marry her he also kidnapped his mattress supriya along with her so bhanumati said that the who helped you in kidnapping me should marry supriya and in this way Karn not by his will married supriya and after that he married vrushalli his childhood friend and they had together 8 to 10 sons and two with supriya.According to one novel of kavita kante Karn has Kshatriya wife that is ururvi. U r u in is childhood friend of Arjuna but she fell in love with Karna at first sight only and wished to marry Karna by forcing her parents and she is always criticised by other wives of karna. But according to me uruvi is a fictional character only. And she does not existed.	Karna married two ladies of choice of his father. They had no names mentioned in Vyasa mahabharat. People are free to name them and make love stories as they like. But in Vyasa Mahabharat there are no names of Karna or Duryodhana wives. Actually even if you are Karna fans it is wrong to malign his actual wives with a fake story. I mean in process of glorification is tampering with personal life of two innocent women.	As far as I know, Karna was married to Vrishali in the Mahabharata epic. They had two sons namely Vrishasena and Vrishaketu. The former fought alongside his father on the 11th day of the Kurukshetra war. Vrishasena was killed by Arjuna.As for Vrishaketu , the story goes that he was defected to the Pandavas side and taken under their patronage. He survived the war and even participated in the Ashwamedha Yaga performed by Yudishtira/Dharmaraya. He fought alongside with Arjuna against Babruvahana and was defeated by him.	
Since Ashwatthama was the incarnation of Shiva was he superior to Karna as a warrior	Shiva's always have a partial incarnation which resemble a particular character of Shiva and not all the qualities Shiva have. Ahwatthama was too a partial incarnation of Shiva as his parent's wished for and did rituals/penance/ yagya.Born as a mortal he had all limitations and suffering humans go through. Same was with Karna too. There was a big difference when it comes to knowledge about battlefield and weapons.Karna was disciple of Parshuram who himself was incarnation of Vishnu and extremely fearsome warrior, while giving knowledge Parshuram didn't kept any limitations to Karna and taught all he have including celestial weapon's.This was not case with Ashwatthama, firstly he was very short tempered and secondly his father wanted Arjuna to be best Archer in world. This kept Ashwatthama for getting all knowledge from his father Dronacharya. He was not given full opportunity and exposure like Pandavas have. This kept Ashwatthama with limited knowledge or in some case half knowledge. And it's said “Half knowledge is destructive”, and same happened with Ashwattama in his last battle with Arjuna. He fall prey for his own consequences.Karna got curse by his guru that he will forget everything he was taught at moment when he needs the most of that knowledge. Karna also didn't have friend/mentor like Krishna which Arjuna had. Karna faced bad luck because he was on wrong side by all means.Both Karna and Ashwattama can't be comparable as each were more powerful on certain day of Mahabharata war. But Karna had a better edge till his last day.	Yes he is. While both acted to repay debt owed to the kuru clan, Karna lacked wisdom in protecting dharma and became vulnerable where as Aswatthama lacked attention and validation by his own father while growing up though he was capable with ability to outshine Arjun. However, Ashwatthama was worthy and given Brahmastra which was the most powerful weapon of the time (given only to Arjuna, Bhisma, Drona) and to nullify its fatal effect on the entire of clan, God Sri Krishna himself had to intervene and reverse its effect to save the last of the clan for the benefit of mankind. Karna is a better man but a cursed warrior while Ashwatthama was the last standing warrior to this day from that war.While much of story deals with how Aswatthama was passed up in favor of Arjun who is Kshatriya, in the end he knew the war fare and use of weapons as he belonged to the class of teachers (Brahmins). Just like Drona, his father could not be beat without deception and neither could Aswatthama be beaten.Now for the reference to Shiva, the benevolent God that grants boons without bias and forces the universe to accommodate and deal with after effects, his blessing is what saved Ashwatthama in the end though story says he was cursed with a missing third eye which forces him to roam sacred grounds forever praying for peace. Story also says that once his karma is paid up, God Sri Krishna himself would grant him liberation. The play of Shiva’s benevolence to instill devotion and Vishnu’s cleverness to uphold dharma while accepting each other is a wonderful cosmic balance between karma and dharma.The story belongs to a land where the guru and family are revered way over the other classes including the warrior class; reason for this is that a teacher learns only for the purpose of teaching to uphold righteousness in the world and teacher maintains livelihood in highly spiritual minimalistic manner to avoid temptation.God’s blessing is a blessing regardless of the subject’s character flaws of which Aswatthama was known to have several due to his father’s deliberate negligence of him in favor of dharma as known and practiced at that time.	De acuerdo con bhishma y Krishna, si estaba furioso, no había rival para él en la guerra; pero supongo que fue una exageración porque no pudo matar por completo al resto de los supervivientes de los pandavas.Ser un avatar de un dios no significa que automáticamente te haga lo mejor, te da potencial y cualidades de ese dios, pero de acuerdo con el entrenamiento que tienes determina cómo resultas como guerrero.In the case of Karna was the best archer and warrior of the Mahabharata, according to BORI the only defeats he had were the result of the war of the Ghandarvas (where he was drunk and had ordinary car, bow and charioteer, but with his armor and earrings) and the defeats of Abhimanyu (who could only defeat him with Brahma's armor, Raudra arc, and Chandra's blessing); According to Yama, he was the best in all weapons, and he had more strength than Bhima, dragging him on the ground and defeating him in maces. Karna also had many astras including the Pashupatastra.Ashwatthama was a great warrior, but he was not the best, although he easily defeated Bhima just like Satyaki, he also defeated Ghatotkacha, King Nila, Drishtadyumna and Suratha. Also only using Agneyastra I kill 1 akshauhini implying his skill with celestial weapons; Of course I had the Brahmashira and Narayanastra but only those.	No, there is no such inherent merit order based on mythological genes. One has to put his hard work, learn , practice and execute to prove their superiority. And, Aswaddhama was not a incarnation of Siva either.	Ashwathama was not incarnation of Lord Shiva , he was blessed by Shiva for immortality with Mani embossed in forehead . Lord Krishna removes the Mani and curses further for painfull future .In that term even Lord Hanumana is not incarnation of Lord Shiva .	
When Shantanu and Bheeshma knows about their past life then who all in the Mahabharata characters know about their past life	In the Mahabharata, no other descendants of Kuru knew about their previous births clearly, after Bheeshma. It's not clearly indicated that how much they knew about their past lives. At least they didn't expose.Vidura was an anshaavatar (partial incarnation) of Dharma. But probably, he didn't know.Yudhistir, Bheema, Nakul, and Sahadeva were the sons of Dharma, Pavan, and AshwiniKumars. They were also the incarnations of each of them. I don't know whether they completely knew about all those.Arjuna was different from them. He was the son of Lord Indra as well as the incarnation of Nara, the soulmate of Narayan. He was told this by Lord Krishna, Vedvyas, etc. But, that didn't affect him much. He was as usual as he was all the time.After the Ghoshyatra, Duryodhan was informed that he was a partial incarnation of Kali or Koli.Karna got to know that he was the son of Surya before the Kurukshetra war but not about his past life.I'm not sure whether Sikhandini knew that she was Amba in her previous life.Thanks for asking.	
Which is the best poem on the Mahabharata	The Mahabharatafrom: ‘The Lacquer House’(This passage concerns the arson of the house in which the Pándavas, the epic’s heroes, are living). . . The fire surged cracklingfrom room to room, through corridors and stairways,tongues of flame greedy for each otherred, yellow, orange, leaping upwards,playful, free. An ecstasy of burning. . .Watching, helpless, hour after anguished hour,the citizens of Varanávatawitnessed the House of Wealth become a wreck.Wracking explosions, showering sparks and cinderslit the entire sky. They flung their garmentsover their heads and wept. ‘O terrible!Shiva! Shiva! We’ve lost the Pándavas,the jewels of the kingdom, our bright hope!’ . . .When he received the news, Dhritarashtrawas torn, as always. Just as a deep poolis chilly in its depths, warm on the surface,so the king’s heart was at the same timehot with instant grief, and deeply cold.He had not, quite, expected these events.He and his sons cast off their royal robesand performed all the proper funeral rites. He ordered public mourning, kingdom-wide.No outward show of sorrow was omitted.Ref: http://www.mptmagazine.com/featu...	
Who was the favorite son of Arjun	Arjuna had four sons by his wives namelyShrutakirti from DrauadiIravan from Ulupi,Babruvahana from Chitrangada ,Abhimanyu from ShubhadraIt was Abhimanyu who reached to a greater fame. He is credited to have learned about Chakravyuha while he was in the womb. He was favourite son of Arjuna.	
Why did Drona ask his cook not to give Arjuna any food when it is dark	Drona was afraid that Arjun would learn all the tricks of warfare and surpass his son Ashwathhama. One such skill was to accurately aim a target in total darkness just by hearing the source of sound (Shabdabhedi). So that Arjun would not know to experiment his skills in darkness, Drona instructed the cook in the Gurugram not to serve food to Arjun in darkness.One day when all the students were served night meal, a gust of wind blew and extinguished the lamp. All the young boys stopped eating and were shouting but Arjun continued eating immersed in his thought. After a while he realised that it was pitch dark but his hand is accurately feeding the morsel into his mouth. An intelligent and eager learner as Arjun was , the same night Arjun went out alone with his bow and quiver when others were asleep. He started shooting arrows from directions of sound in pitch darkness. After a while Drona heard the sound of hissing arrows lying on his bed and came out and saw the silhouette of Arjun practising and hitting the targets just guided by the sound. Drona understood that passion for learning, striving for excellence and dedication to his craft of Arjun is unparalleled and could not be stopped. He was extremely happy as a teacher and told him that he would be his best disciple and nobody else.	
How many parvas are there in the Mahabharata What is the name of the first parva	There are 18 parvas in Mahabharata. They are as follows in chronological order :1 Adi Parva (The Book of the Beginning)How the Mahābhārata came to be narrated by Sauti to the assembled rishis at Naimisharanya, after having been recited at the sarpasattra of Janamejaya by Vaishampayana at Takṣaśila. The history and genealogy of the Bharata and Bhrigu races is recalled, as is the birth and early life of the Kuru princes.2	Sabha Parva (The Book of the Assembly Hall)Maya Danava erects the palace and court (sabha), at Indraprastha. Life at the court, Yudhishthira's Rajasuya Yajna, the game of dice, the disrobing of Pandava wife Draupadi and eventual exile of the Pandavas.3	Vana Parva also Aranyaka-parva, Aranya-parva (The Book of the Forest)The twelve years of exile in the forest (aranya).4	Virata Parva (The Book of Virata)The year spent incognito at the court of Virata.5	Udyoga Parva (The Book of the Effort)Preparations for war and efforts to bring about peace between the Kaurava and the Pandava sides which eventually fail (udyoga means effort or work).6	Bhishma Parva (The Book of Bhishma)The first part of the great battle, with Bhishma as commander for the Kaurava and his fall on the bed of arrows.7	Drona Parva (The Book of Drona)The battle continues, with Drona as commander. This is the major book of the war. Most of the great warriors on both sides are dead by the end of this book.8	Karna Parva (The Book of Karna)The continuation of the battle with Karna as commander of the Kaurava forces.9	Shalya Parva (The Book of Shalya)The last day of the battle, with Shalya as commander. Also told in detail, is the pilgrimage of Balarama to the fords of the river Saraswati and the mace fight between Bhima and Duryodhana which ends the war, since Bhima kills Duryodhana by smashing him on the thighs with a mace.10	Sauptika Parva (The Book of the Sleeping Warriors)Ashvattama, Kripa and Kritavarma kill the remaining Pandava army in their sleep. Only 7 warriors remain on the Pandava side and 3 on the Kaurava side.11	Stri Parva (The Book of the Women)Gandhari and the women (stri) of the Kauravas and Pandavas lament the dead and Gandhari cursing Krishna for the massive destruction and the extermination of the Kaurava.12	Shanti Parva (The Book of Peace)The crowning of Yudhishthira as king of Hastinapura, and instructions from Bhishma for the newly anointed king on society, economics and politics. This is the longest book of the Mahabharata.13	Anushasana Parva (The Book of the Instructions)The final instructions (anushasana) from Bhishma.14	Ashvamedhika Parva (The Book of the Horse Sacrifice)The royal ceremony of the Ashvamedha (Horse sacrifice) conducted by Yudhishthira. The world conquest by Arjuna. The Anugita is told by Krishna to Arjuna.15	Ashramavasika Parva (The Book of the Hermitage)The eventual deaths of Dhritarashtra, Gandhari and Kunti in a forest fire when they are living in a hermitage in the Himalayas. Vidura predeceases them and Sanjaya on Dhritarashtra's bidding goes to live in the higher Himalayas.16	Mausala Parva (The Book of the Clubs)The materialisation of Gandhari's curse, i.e., the infighting between the Yadavas with maces (mausala) and the eventual destruction of the Yadavas.17	Mahaprasthanika Parva (The Book of the Great Journey)The great journey of Yudhishthira, his brothers and his wife Draupadi across the whole country and finally their ascent of the great Himalayas where each Pandava falls except for Yudhishthira.18	Svargarohana Parva (The Book of the Ascent to Heaven)Yudhishthira's final test and the return of the Pandavas to the spiritual world (svarga).khila	Harivamsa Parva (The Book of the Genealogy of Hari)This is an addendum to the 18 books, and covers those parts of the life of Krishna which is not covered in the 18 parvas of the Mahabharata.	List of 18 Parvas of Mahabharat	
What is the name of Karnas son	Mostly it is said that Karna had only two sons Vrishasena and Vrishaketu.But if we summarise all the stories about Karna it seems that he had nine sonsVrishasenaVrishasenaChitrasenaSatyasenaSushenaShatrunjayaDvipataBanasenaPrasena.And only Vrishaketu survived the war of Mahabharat. He was under the patronage of Arjuna	
When Karna had only 5 more brothers called the Pandavas who is Sangramajit	Sangramajit was the son of Karna's foster parents Adhirath and Radha. It is said that they begot a son after they found Karna in the basket of lotuses and gem. They raised both equally.	
According to the Mahabharat who is the father of Chitrasena	Karna is the father of Chitrasena	The father of Chitrasena in Mahabharata was Karna.	According to Mahabharata, Karan was the father of Chitrasena (and also of Vrishasena and Satyasena).	
From where did you read Mahabharat Did you read the highly respected Devdutt Patnaiks Mahabharat	Thankfully I got the opportunity to hear the story of the great Epic of India from my Grandmother without distortions and I am an eight year old then.I thank her and god for introducing me to the Fifth Veda that is a store house of knowledge.The first version I studied was C. Rajgopalachari’s book .It helped me to a great extent to know the complete story.When I was doing my graduation my father introduced me to KMG..Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation ..I must say I learnt the Epic in totality..it really enabled me to understand the magnitude of the Epic and I am thankful to my father..I read Bori Critical Edition in Sanskrit While doing my PG..with the help of my professors and I experienced what I could not before..It was splendid..to read the Epic in its original form..Later during my research period I read Gita Press,Southern version,Nilakantha Bhavadipa,Kavitrayabharat,PCRoy,MN Dutta..KM Munshi…many other retellings..All this study made me realise I still did not learn the essence of the Epic. There is much more to the story than what I can comprehend and understand. And my learning process continues..So still learning the essence.Coming to your highly respected Devdutt Patnaik and his Jayam,I had the misfortune to get it and read it but after I completed more than half ,I stopped abruptly and I tell you the reason.It was fake. Fictional. Mr Patnaik chose to distort Epic facts and introduce his own version in place..Why he did so he knew very well and I can guess too well.I completely agree with Santosh Kumar Ayyala Somayajula who exposed Patnaik with valid illustrations in one of his posts.So Without mincing words I admit I find nothing respectable in his fiction novel. I don’t even like to call it by the name of Veda Vyasa’s master piece. JayamMy sincere advice to those who want to read the Epic for the first time,always try to read authentic versions or honest retellings. Don’t go for not at all respectable distorted novels.. Make a good choice.	I got taste of Mahabharat first from Amar chitra Katha. Then got a series in Mahabharata in some book in District library of my hometown. I don’t remember the book though. But then I got abridged edition of Hindi gita press. Then went through other editions. Then KMG and finally BORI English edition by bibek debroy. When I first read KMG I thought it was PC Roy edition and had no idea of KMG. I realized much later that KMG was real translator and PC Roy was publisher.Second part of your question is funny. Highly respected DP is other seller of stories where he mixes folk tales with Mahabharat and gives false image of many characters. Even his cover is enough for anyone who has read MB from the above mentioned critical editions, to not take Jaya seriously.See his cover and notice how many errors or say misinformation the cover itself has. Devdutt who claims to have researched the epic doesn’t even know or deliberately wants to hide that karna was taught by Drona and was not rejected for his caste. He was only refused Brahmastra only when he asked it to beat Arjuna and Drona only made excuse of caste much later.His book cover has ‘a forest was burned for a city ‘while Indraprastha was already established much earlier and many years had passed and everything was going fine until Agni appeared and asked for donation from Arjuna. At most it could be seen some sort of expansion and getting rid of a dangerous forest much later, but not clearly for the establishment of the city.and Daughter given as prize in archery contest is again wrong judgement. Drupad had not given her just like that. The contest was well planned to be only won by a person of many qualities not just a good archer. It was designed with Arjuna in mind seeing his humble behavior, warrior skills, being son of Pandu and disciple of arch enemy Drona. However, because of Varnavrat plan did went awry at one place but finally fell into place.So, even the cover was enough for not reading it. I have also reviews of many of my friends who have read it and call it mix of many stories.	Devdutt is a shit himself. His only job is to corrupt Hinduism, Hindu scriptures, legends etc. He is a paid sepoy. Devdutt Patnaik, Amish Tripathi, Sheldon Pollock, Wendy etc are the paid to throw shit on Hinduism by manipulating.	The “highly respected Devdutt Patnaik’s Mahabharat”? Then you have no idea of what the really highly respected versions of Mahbharat are.I’d stop just here because there must be several answers here about the respected versions of Mahabharat. I don’t see any point in repeating the names,	
What is one thing that you find common for all the characters in the Mahabharata	Grey shades!Yes, you can see that!Even Sri Krishna has a grey shade, where he wanted Arjuna to marry his sister, Subhadra, that he cleverly ployed against Duryodhana marrying her and even went against Balaram/Baladev, His elder brother, against Sahodara Dharma! But His grey shades are less as we can't understand His intention, He is always on brighter side of grey!Arjuna was also egoistic to kill Karna than anyone else! He was naive to revert during the beginning of war, if Sri Krishna didn't stop him! That's against Kshatriya Dharma to show his back at the moment of war, out of emotion!Bhima, if he was left unchecked, would have killed Kichaka openly and reveal himself, just because of his love for Draupadi, he could've easily foregone Dharma!Yudhistir lied about Aswattama ‘Aswattama Hathaha…..Kunjaraha!’ and after the war, he was dissatisfied in Swargaroha Parva as Duryodhana was happy in heaven and his brothers and wife had to suffer,he couldn't leave his bodily ego!Aswattama was loyal to the King as like Dronacharya, but questioned the wrong acts, but he tried to avenge Pandavas for killing Dronacharya, he fought against rules by attacking at night! He crossed the line of basic Manava Dharma!Dronacharya was partial to Ekalavya and Karna, as he preferred Arjuna over them all, against Guru Dharma, he is supposed to be neutral!Karna was born in an illegitimate manner, but was humble in nature, despite the hardships he faced, he was generous, but his association with Duryodhana has lead him to his destiny! As Sri Krishna says, ‘Situations are not wrong, your reaction to the situations are wrong!’. He was blinded by Sneha Dharma and fought against Dharma! Also, he had an ego war against Arjuna, especially after Draupadi Swayamvara! He had jealousy!Duryodhana has a positive side, he knows what he wants and shall have it! But, he was jealous of Pandavas, especially Yudhistir for being the Prince/King as he vied for power! He was totally blind with anger to avenge Draupadi for laughing at him, he cheated in dice game and did something against morality, tried to strip Draupadi! Even he was a good friend, he trusted Karna more than anyone! But, it was his EGO and JEALOUSY that created a big war that destroyed him and his brothers!Bhishma was a great warrior and wanted everyone's well being! But, if he had raised voice against Draupadi disrobing, he would have been more neutral! His rejection of Amba has also shown his darker side!Draupadi was the main reason for Kurukshetra, many say that! It is because she couldn't control her words during the Swayamvara, insulting Karna, she couldn't control her laughter at the Maya Sabha, insulting Duryodhana and couldn't control her tears, that cursed the Kuru dynasty to perish so brutally! She was against Sthree Dharma to be soft and compassionate!As they say, “The world is not made of Blacks and Whites, it is a mix of colours, Grey is always the colour of characters, for after all the grey matter is what brain is!”I might have offended some people, I tried to reason each character without being biased! Sorryfor that and thanks for reading till the end!	I have seen that all this characters, including kanha are grey. I think this is a very enticing thing about the epic. There is no right or wrong. Everyone is playing their part and everyone has a back story.	
What is the meaning of Danda Karna	Its ‘Dandakaranya’ and not 'danda karna'. It was the name of a jungle.	
Who is superior between Babruvahana and Abhimanyu	On basis of Performance Abhimanyu is far superior to Babruvahana. Babruvahana had no such feat in his life other than killing Arjuna who was fighting mildly almost in suicide mode.First of all this question must be based on TV serials portrayal of Babruvhana and his angry young man image , who challenged and defeated everyone and killed Vrishketu But that is absolutely false. There was no Vrishketu in Vyasa Mahabharat and no fight occurred.He only fought Arjuna only when Arjun challenged him. Babruvhana went to welcome him but Arjuna mocked him and asked him to fight. He then fought mildly and seeing his father mild approach Babruvahana killed him. It was effect of curse of Vasus so no special points to Babruvahan for killing Arjuna.On the other side is Abhimanyu who is well versed in many different kind of weapons and even knows art of entering Chakravyuha. He fights from day one brilliantly and beats Jayadrath in sword fight on 11th day. He breaks into chakravyuha and destroys all those greats along with their honor.He single handedly killed so many rathis, Maharathi brihadballa and could have killed others too had not been killed unfairly. He was also keeping in mind oath of Arjuna and Bhima about their share of killing. His performance in the formation cannot be even compared with Babruvhana single act of killing his already dim father.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Why did Babruvahana kill Arjuna?	
Why did Jarasandha not attack and annex Hastinapur in the early days when it had a weak blind king like Dhritarashtra and only one old warrior like Bhishma	Please note Bhishma was not an ordinary warrior. Though age wise he was very senior, but potentially very few could match him. Consider the following points:Bhishma was the favourite disciple of Lord Parashurama, an incarnation of Lord Vishnu. Hence Lord Parashurama had given all the military knowledge to Bhishma. Therefore Bhishma had complete knowledge about military arts.Bhishma could defeat Lord Parashurama. Please note Lord Parashurama single handedly defeated all the kshatriyas 21 times. So if one can defeat Parashurama, then you can understand that person’s might. Therefore it is not hard to believe Bhishma alone would be sufficient to defeat Jarasandha’s army also.Bhishma forced Lord Krishna to break His promise. Lord Krishna had promised of not lifting any weapon during the Kurukshetra war. But Bhishma was so vigorous that Lord Krishna was forced to break His promise and thus lifted a chariot wheel to attack Bhishma. So when the Supreme Lord who defeated Jarasandha 17 times in war, had to break His promise before Bhishma, then we can easily accept that Bhishma could defeat Jarasandha as well.Bhishma maintained perfect brahmacharya. In our Vedic system it is said if one can maintain perfect brahmacharya (controlling all the senses, especially the sexual senses) then that person acquires tremendous might. Some of the classic examples are Hanuman, Bhishma. In this regard Jarasandha was away behind Bhishma. Hence Bhishma was always going to outscore Jarasandha. So even though he grew old, still he didn’t lose his might.Bhishma was the son of mother Ganges. As per our scriputes, Ganges is the greatest of all rivers. In fact in a few places She is considered to be the liquid form of the Supreme Lord. So being Her son, Bhishma had special abilities compared to others.So from the above we can make out Bhishma alone was good enough to beat Jarasandha. One should never underestimate him based on his age. Then slowly other great warriors too came in the side of Hastinapura. One of the prominent person was Dronacharya. He too was a disciple of Lord Parashurama. Therefore he too knew many military arts. So after he joined Hastinapura, Hastinapura’s army became even stronger. Then there was Kripacharya as well.Later on rest of the Kuru princes like Pandavas and Kauravas appeared. Then it was next to impossible to attack Hastinapura.Hope this answers the question.Hare Krishna.	
What happened with Celestial Vijaya bow after Karnas death	After the death of Karna, Vijaya bow went back to its original owner, Lord Parasuram.	
Was Gandhari younger or older than Shakuni	Shakuni was elder to Gandhari. Shakuni loved his younger sister Gandhari very dearly. He never accepted his sister's marriage with a blind man like Dhritarastha. That's why , he made conspiracy to demolish the dynasty and kingship of Hastinapur.	
What is the symbolic significance of the Indraprastha Hall in the Mahabharata	Disclaimer : These are basically hearsay stories aka Kahisuni kahaniya. I haven’t actually read from any actual Mahabharat book. I did get a lot of info from the internet too.Reader’s note pls. read it at you own discretion.Firstly Indraprasth was a piece of land in the northern region of rhe Kuru Kingdom, debated to be Old fort in the current New Delhi now, assigned to the Pandavas by King Dritrashtra to build the capital of their kingdom after Yudhisthir was crowned king. To picture it try to think about the thick thorny foilage surrounding Sleeping beauty’s castle after time took it toll on nature. Forests filled with thorny shrubs, rocks & boulders, towering wild grass, thick foilage & last but not the least lifeforms that lived there ‘Takshak the snake, & ‘Mayasur the demon’ with ‘their families’ (imp. to the story). So Yudishthir commissioned Arjun to the task of leveling the area to begin construction.It was after the completion of the Indraprasth palace made by Vishwakarmaji the Architect of the Gods which was fashioned in the image of Amravati the city of Lord Indra. Hence the name Indraprasth.So there are basically 2 stories that I know of both have the same idea‘Beauty breeds disaster’ in this case‘Architectural Marvel lays the foundation of a Revenge plot.’Now lets finish up with the tale of the After construction then look at the 1 before construction.Several people invited there for the ancient house warming function & rituals were equally awestruck. During sightseeing Duryodhan confuses a mirror or door with a wall & vice versa & was laughed at by Bheem. Honest mistake, feeling a bit miffed, he went ahead alone to explore the Mayahall. It is said by some that here, in the Mayahall events would eventually lead to the joke Draupadi made at the expense of Duryodhan & his father, saying ‘Andhe ka beta Andha’ aka ‘A blind man’s son is blind’ which happened after Duryodhan fell in a pond that looked like the marble floor after confusing the marble floor as a pond & lifting his dhoti to avoid it from getting wet. Feeling insulted he decided to shame her in court one day which led to her horrific entry to the court dragged by the locks of her hair & ordered to sit in Duryodhan’s thigh i.e Jaang, refusing which Dushaasan committed her abhorrent Vastraharan or disrobing where she was thankfully saved by Lord Krishna, also the Pandavas were exiled. Then the Mahabharat war took place for several reasons (there were plenty) ‘one of which’ was said to have been the fruit of the seed of insult sowed in that hall.*B4 construction :Now this piece of land aka Khandakvan had to be tamed & leveled to make it into a kingdom & basically livable for people as kings would require a kingdom to rule upon & thus people in the kingdom. Knowing there was life a warning shot along with some days were given to evacuate. Now many residents left & after the deadline the fire arrow was shot which started to burn down the thick foilage but there was heavy downpour from dark rain clouds extinguishing the fire, as the forest as Takshak was Lord Indra’s friend & prayed to him seeking asylum. Later Arjun prayed to Lord Indra the raingod & he was told that the rain would cease after Takshak fled to safety & Mayasur / Maidanav was killed as he had offended the gods & taken sanctuary in Khandakvan long ago. He was captured but forgiven by Lord Krishna & Arjun, if he took up the task to create the Hall of illusions Mayamahal / Hall of Indraprasth using his vast repertoire of architecture. A baffling hall of illusions, a feast for sight & a roller coaster for the mind.But there is a twist here according to some stories that I have heard. So lets rewind a little upto the fire. So as per a story FLASHBACK : Mayasura survived his family after they died in the fire leaving him depressed & when he was to be killed he begged for mercy & Arjun requested Lord Krishna to pardon him.Now motivated by revenge Mayasur fashioned the Hall of illusions knowing that such a fascinating thing would become an object that would later breed malice & thus destroy the kingdom built on the ashes of his beloved ones.Symbolic significance according to me, refer to the ancient possibly chinese (well pretty relevant in any & every ancient time actually) quote :‘Beauty breeds disaster.’Also don’t make fun of people you never know it may be insulting for them & they might take it to heart & it may come to bite you back.	
If the Pandavas had not allowed their children to participate in the Mahabharata war would they have survived	Kshtriya consider it an honor to fight in war and thus their kids need to follow that path. Pandavas also couldn’t afford losing such great warriors on their side sitting at home. Moreover , how could they let their children sit at home when Uttara, Shankha kids of Virat and similarly all their allies were sacrificing their kids in war. Why should Satyaki bring his family , grandsons to war zone for just friendship of Arjuna if Abhimanyu is munching snacks at home.As per Gita press Iravan who was son of Ulupi even reached heaven to meet his father and inform him of his existence and tell him that father don’t worry your son would fight in war with his army of snakes.Only kid of Pandavas who did not participate was Babruvahan because chitrangada was putrika and thus he was carrying lineage of his maternal grandfather.From other side of story had Abhimanyu, Gatotkacha, Iravana and sons of Draupadi like warriors not participated then even Pandavas own lives had been in danger or even their victory. In absence of Arjuna they only saved the day from Chakravyuha.and by the way who will leave likes of Abhimanyu and Gatotkach home when they alone were equal to those greats and could roast their enemies in oven?	Pandavas children other than Ghatotkach, Abhimanyu and Iravan were not killed in the warThey were killed after the war stealthily by Ashvatthama in an ambush while they were sleeping in their camp after the war was over. Pandavas and Krishna were also not there at the time.Ashvatthama even tried to use brahmashira on unborn grandchild of ArjunSuch was the hatred between both sides. That even if the sons hadn't participated they would have been attacked and killed	How did the sons of Pandavas survive the war? Didn't they participate?6Sons of Pandavas were killed by Ashwatha during their sleep in the night.When Duryodhana was killed by Bheema (Bhima), then remaining Kauravas warriors (including Ashwathama) made a deadly attempt to kill the Pandavas brothers in the night when they would be sleeping.On that night Krishna took all the 5 Pandavas somewhere else & Ashwathama entered into the tent of the Pandavas and mistakenly killed all the 5 sleeping sons of Pandavas and set the camp on fire.In this way, Ashwathama tried to kill everyone in the Pandava’s family. On this Lord Krishna became very angry with Ashwathama & cursed him badly.	How can they not allow their children not to participate in the war, when huge number of soldiers, who only get salary fight for Pandavas.The children are future kings, if they don't fight for their rights, why should a mere wage earner fight war at the cost of his life, what message do these soldiers get from non participation of princes,what motivation they get from it ? They did not have any option but to fight.	Except for Abhimanyu, all children of Pandavas were killed after the war was over.Ashwatthama killed them while they were sleeping.So yes, they did survive the war.	
Who was a better archer between Bhishma and Arjuna at their respective peaks	I am really surprised that why people always write about those five arrows and boon from Duryodahna. There were no such five arrows and Duryodahna was no person to give boons to others. That is a lie.If you are talking Arjuna vs Bhishma then Arjuna not only defeated him without shikandi at virat but also in Mahabharat war on 3rd day when shikandi was not on his chariot. even shikandi was not on his chariot on the 10 day but on separate chariot leading all forces.It was moreover Bhishma’s own plan with Yudhishtir and Krishna or Arjuna had not role in it other than following it. We always belittle his Grand exit and retirement plan by making it cheap stunt of Shikandi. In fact see it as story of Bhishma trapped in his own vows and mistakes and Shikandi in her/his Pain of past life and present life . Here, Arjuna is the man who brought them closer and ended misery of both. He helped Bhishma to get rid of his life and Shikandi purpose of birth was fulfilled. The beautiful chapter is diminished to a ridiculous event of debate by many people.If Bhishma was mild then so was Arjuna in war and that was the reason why Krishna lifted his chakra not because of Bhishma own prowess. Krishna himself said that Bhishma was of limited burden for Arjuna.If you are asking who was better archer on pure archery skills then there in no answer as both were equal. There is no competition or any criteria. In fact if you talk of archery then I consider most of the top ones almost equal.If you talk of warrior then Even Bhishma regarded Arjuna superior to him. I have already replied to all such comparisons from the book itself. Arjuna did not use shikandi to defeat Bhishma as he had done it many times without shikandi but only because Bhishma had boon of self choice by death.Arjuna countered Bhishma with other warriors many times"Gangeya, Bhagadatta and maharatha Goutama countered the violent Pandava Arjuna. In that encounter, the atiratha repulsed all their weapons with his own weapons. He despatched many brave soldiers on your side to the land of the dead."This is from the 8th day when Arjuna found out tha this eldest son (Iravat) had been killed. Arjuna dominated another fight that he had when Bhagadatta, Bhisma and Kripa ambushed him.He defeated Bhishma at kurukshetra war on third day itself. Read this and cofirmThen when darkness was about to set in, there arose among the Kuru troops a great and terrible uproar. And all said, 'In today's battle Arjuna hath slain ten thousand car-warriors, and full seven hundred elephants. And all the westerners, and the diverse tribes of the Sauviras, and the Kshudrakas and the Malavas, have all been slain. The feat achieved by Dhananjaya is a mighty one. None else is competent to achieve it. Srutayush, the ruler of the Amvashtas, and Durmarshana, and Chitrasena, and Drona, and Kripa, and the ruler of the Sindhus, and Valhika, and Bhurisravas, and Salya, and Sala, O king, and other warriors by hundreds united together, along with Bhishma himself, have on battle, by the prowess of his own arms, been vanquished today by the angry son of Pritha, viz., Kiritin, that one mighty car-warrior in the world.' Talking thus, O Bharata, all the warriors of thy side went to their tents from the field of battle. And all the combatants of the Kuru army frightened by Kiritin, then entered their tents illumined by thousands of torches, and beautified by innumerable lamps.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to What is the exact manner of Bhishma's defeat at the hands of Arjuna?Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to What were the reasons Arjuna couldn't defeat Bhishmarcharya in Kurushetra war?If you want to compare both at peak then there will be no answer because then you are trying to compare Don bradman and Sachin with different era and different pressures.Source BORI CE as translated by Bibek debroyGita press gorkapura	Before answering the question I would like to emphasiseBhishma’s five arrows meant for five Pandavas as shown in Dharmakshetra serial is fake. No authentic Sanskrit version Unabridged or Bori KMG,Nilakantha Bhavadipa said any such thing like that. I consider it my duty to say it again and again. Bhishma never stored any five arrows. It is wrong.Now I would proceed towards my answer. My answer is as per Mahabharata not Harivansha.I always said performance speaks not other things..We should determine excellence by performance.I would like to compare the grandson and grandfather not by taking support of TV shows like Dharma Kshetra but by vouching facts from authentic versions of Mahabharata..The Fish Target Victory.The ultimate proof Praman for an archer ,the fish target was the most difficult feat to accomplish. It requires precision,focus ,sharp eye sight,timing and skill to hit the fish..Arjun won that while great warriors of Aryavarta failed even to string the bow.Bhishma had no such archery oriented victory to his credit.Fight with multiple godsArjuna fought and won Indra and other gods at Khandav dahan but Bhishma did not have any such instance where he fought multiple gods.Bhishma conquered Panchal,Arjuna also did..at a much younger age.Bhishma fought wars for Hastinapur ,Arjuna took the responsibility by conquering kings at a very early age.Arjuna fought with Siva and won his heart..Bhishma did not.Arjuna rooted Chitrasena Gandharva by breaking his illusions. Bhishma did not fight with Gandharvas.Single Warrior verses Maharathis with army at Virat war.Arjuna single handedly defeated the Kuru army along with Maharathis at Virat war. Bhishma was there,fought and got defeated.He achieved the same when he fought with Nivata kavachas.Bhishma’s fight with ParasuramaThe fight was abruptly called off when Bhishma was about to hurl Praswapa weapon. In comparison Arjuna defeated Drona,his guru in Virat war and Kurukshetr ..Bhishma verses Arjuna at Kurukshetra.Bhishma prevailed on 1st day and 9 th day.The main obstacle for Arjun to explore his full prowess is his unbound affection and regard for his grandfather.Despite Arjuna’s mild fighting with Bhishma that made Krishna threaten by taking weapons ..Arjun caused havoc on 2nd and 3rd days..Bhishma had no answer for his Aindrastr.Even on other days Arjuna showed his real form like when he thrashed Bhishma,Kripa And Bhagadutta together on 8 th day after his son Iravan’s death.Sikhandi factor on 10 th dayLike I said so many times,Sikhandi did not occupy Arjun’s chariot.Bhishma did not fight with him..but he fought his best with Arjun till the end. Arjuna managed to keep away all Kuru warriors from Bhishma.Arjuna shot number of arrows on vital parts of Bhishma’s body even from distance.He prevailed over Bhishma and made him fall on his arrows.Bhishma’s participation ended there but Arjuna’s continued.Arjuna the archer par excellenceArjuna Showcased his brilliant exhibition of superior archery skills.Arjuna on 14 th day shot Bhurisravas from a long distance and prevented him from striking Satyaki with his sword.Arjuna made Duryothana’s impenetrable armour useless by shooting arrows into his nails and making him flee from the field..definitely a great exhibition of archery skills.Arjuna beheaded Jayathratha and kept his head in the sky by means of his chain of arrows,all the time tackling opposition army consisting of six maharathis ..then he sent the head to Vriddhakshatra’s lap away from Kurukshetr.Arjuna created a lake for his horses fenced It with arrows in the middle of Chakra Sakata vyuha on 14 th day. While Krishna tended his horses he fought with the whole army standing on the ground. Unbelievable feat by an archer!These are the facts that prove how invincible and flawless an archer can be.I don’t see any such feats or achievements in the career graph of Bhishma the archer. I feel such feats only will prove the caliber of an archer.Like I said in the begining I am not one who will go by Dharmakshetra serial or for that matter any TV show or fiction novels.So,it is Arjuna for me not Bhishma,….Arjuna was the archer par excellence.My sourcesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionGita Press Unabridged Edition With Translation by Pandit Ram Narayan.Southern Recession Kumbhakonam Edition,Sanskrit versionPPS Sastri Edited Sounthern EditionNilakantha Bhavadipa,commentary on Mahabharata	Nothing came in between sh. Bheeshm ji when it comes to archery..To prove would like to point out to the fact that to gain knowledge is not enough rather you have to have the wisdom to take wise decision to use and flourish the gained powers,skills and updates ..To that extent Arjuna said to posses all but under the guidance of supreme maestro Shri krishna, whereas Shri Bheeshm ji ,mahatma Babruvahana,and The mighty Karna and Ashwatthama too had far destructive Valor to cite for yet many others were far exceeded in the archery …not to mention prince Eklavya ji too earned his name and place in the field of Archery.Hope , Wisdom is the test to knowledge and where Arjuna lacked from many other respected warriors yet he skilled but couldn't withstand decisive when in need and standalone compared to other compatriots in time and states.Hail Almighty!!!	
What does Lord Krishna mean when he said one should not give up the work born of his nature	Let’s analyse this topic about what Lord Krishna meant by saying one should not give up the world born of his nature.Consider the following example: There are 2 twins - Ram and Shyam. Ram is a school teacher and Shyam is an army jawan fighting in the border. They practised their respective roles for years with tremendous success. Then one day they both thought of playing a prank by switching their roles. So Ram went to the border in the uniform of a military person and Shyam went to the school dressed like a school master. Soon they found they are struggling to step into their brothers’ shoes. Ram started shivering seeing people around him firing and some even dying. He started struggling to even hold the gun firmly. On the other hand, Shyam started losing his temper in the class for even small mistakes by the students. He started thrashing the students hard which would be too hard to bear for them. Soon after they both went back to their original occupations realising each of them had different potentials and hence they must act according to their nature. Ram’s occupation needed a gentle person having patience whereas Shyam’s occupation needed a person with tremendous courage having cold blood. Hence they can’t play the other person’s role.This is exactly what Lord Krishna wanted to say. As Arjuna was a kshatriya, he had to fight. Even if he would cease to fight and adopt the path of peace, he would be compelled to fight as his nature was fighting. Lord Krishna states this as follows:“Under illusion you are now declining to act according to My direction. But, compelled by your own nature, you will act all the same, O son of Kunti.” [BG 18.60]“All men are forced to act helplessly according to the impulses born of the modes of material nature; therefore no one can refrain from doing something, not even for a moment.” [BG 3.5]“Even a man of knowledge acts according to his own nature, for everyone follows his nature. What can repression accomplish?” [BG 3.33]For example, if you ask Sachin Tendular to play chess like Vishwanathan Anand, definitely he won’t taste the same success which he got as a cricketer. Ditto will happen if one Vishwanathan Anand tried to play cricket. The reason is Sachin Tendulkar’s nature is playing cricket and V. Anand’s nature is in chess.So all must work as per the nature he has. But at the same time one should not work thinking of reward. One must remain totally unattached to the fruit of action while working. Lord Krishna advises the same as follows:“Work done as a sacriﬁce for Viṣṇu has to be performed; otherwise work causes bondage in this material world. Therefore, O son of Kuntī, perform your prescribed duties for His satisfaction, and in that way you will always remain free from bondage.” [BG 3.9]“Therefore, without being attached to the fruits of activities, one should act as a matter of duty, for by working without attachment one attains the Supreme.” [BG 3.19]“Therefore, O Arjuna, surrendering all your works unto Me, with full knowledge of Me, without desires for proﬁt, with no claims to proprietorship, and free from lethargy, ﬁght.” [BG 3.30]“One who performs his duty without attachment, surrendering the results unto the Supreme Lord, is unaffected by sinful action, as the lotus leaf is untouched by water.” [BG 5.10]“Whatever you do, whatever you eat, whatever you offer or give away, and whatever austerities you perform – do that, O son of Kuntī, as an offering to Me.” [BG 9.28]Therefore one must work as per the nature he has and must remain totally detached from the fruit of action.Hare Krishna.	Hari om, you are asking a question as to : “ What does Lord Krishna mean when he said'one should not give up the work born of his nature?”.Hari om.God has given us the present birth based on our past Karma ( of both the punyam and the papam, the affiliations and attachments we had with the other people in our previous births). Or in other words, it is the job profile given by the God to each and every individual in this world.If everyone does his/her duty strictly in accordance with the plan of the God, the society goes smoothly without any upheavals.That is what the God is referring to as the Swakarma.God intended to get some jobs done by you.So, you must do that job or those jobs (which are given to you ) by virtue of your deservedness.You should not try to avoid the jobs ordained by the God (as per nature or natural allotment of duties).Some times those duties may be associated with some unpleasant odor.For example, Dharma Vyadha in the Mahabharatha was born in a butcher's family. His duty as per the nature's allotment or God's allotment is to sell the meat to the meat-eating customers.However, Dharma Vyadha knew that butchery is associated with paapam & eating meat also is a vice, but not a virtuous quality. So, he chose not to :Butcher any goat/sheep,Eat any meat of any origin.But, Dharma Vyadha was engaged in Selling of the Meat in the market. He never killed any animal. He never ate any meat. But, he lived only on selling the meat which was his profession or natural duty as ordained by the God.He used to buy the meat from the market, add his profit margin and sell the meat to the meat-eating customers and lived on the money thus earned.In the process he did not commit any mistakes or violated the Dharmic Principles in his life.That means, just as the fire is associated with the unwanted smoke, we are not giving up the usage of fire altogether, but making efforts to eliminate smoke and use the fire in a manner benificial to us.Similarly, in every job that we do, some unwanted or undesirable effects are always associated with all the jobs all the time.We should avoid the unwanted ill-effects of the jobs enjoined on us , but continue to execute the assignments assigned by the nature or the God.That is the meaning of not giving up the work born out of nature.If all the humans do this as a nature's duty, such people will be awarded the way Dharma Vyadha was benifited in the Mahabharatha.Hari om.	Bhagavad Gita 18.48saha-jaḿ karma kaunteyasa-doṣam api na tyajetsarvārambhā hi doṣeṇadhūmenāgnir ivāvṛtāḥEvery endeavor is covered by some fault, just as fire is covered by smoke. Therefore one should not give up the work born of his nature, O son of Kunti, even if such work is full of fault.Here Lord Krishna wants to convey that in conditioned life, all work is contaminated by the material modes of nature. Even if one is a brahmana, he has to perform sacrifices in which animal killing is necessary. Similarly, a kshatriya, however pious he may be, has to fight enemies. He cannot avoid it. Similarly, a merchant, however pious he may be, must sometimes hide his profit to stay in business, or he may sometimes have to do business on the black market. These things are necessary; one cannot avoid them. Similarly, even though a man is a shudra serving a bad master, he has to carry out the order of the master, even though it should not be done. Despite these flaws, one should continue to carry out his prescribed duties, for they are born out of his own nature.If one prefers to give up the work of a kshatriya and take up the occupation of a brahmana, he is not assured that in the occupation of a brahmana there are no unpleasant duties. One may then conclude that in the material world no one can be completely free from the contamination of material nature.Similarly, one should not give up his natural occupation because there are some disturbing elements. Rather, one should be determined to serve the Supreme Lord by his occupational duty in Krishna consciousness. That is the perfectional point. When a particular type of occupation is performed for the satisfaction of the Supreme Lord, all the defects in that particular occupation are purified. When the results of work are purified, when connected with devotional service, one becomes perfect in seeing the self within, and that is self-realization.	For example, if you are householder you should give Krishna conscious association to your wife, not ignore her artificially.	
Has anyone read the original version of Mahabharata Did Karna fail in Draupadis swayamvar or was he rejected	In Dakshinatya edition, he failed.In the KMG translation it is given that Draupadi disqualified him by calling him Sutaputra. But when Brahmins want to discourage Arjuna they say 'How can a Brahmin win when the likes of Shalya and Radha's son failed to string the bow?' so KMG contradicts itself.While in BORI CE, his failure is not given special mention but again it is mentioned that Karna and Shalya failed to string the bow.So there are two possibilities:-1. He failed2. He didn't participate, BY HIMSELF. Because the insult by Draupadi is present only in about 3 manuscripts out of some 1200 manuscripts of Mahabharat. Hence it is considered an interpolation.	It depends which version do you call as an original version.Currently, Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute’s (BORI) version is well accepted Mahabharat version. According to BORI’s version, Karna failed to string a bow. This is what the actual text is:‘Then, one after another, those kings exhibited their valour for Krishna. But the bow was so strong that with all their strength, they could not string it. The firm wood of the bow recoiled and flung those brave rulers of men on the ground. They failed in their desire and could be seen on the ground, miserable and broken in spirit. That firm bow caused them pain and shattered their bracelets and earrings. Having lost hopes of obtaining Krishna, that assembly of kings was crestfallen. In that assembly, those kings who boasted of noble birth then became objects of derision. Kunti’s brave son Jishnu then arose, wishing to string the bow and place an arrow on it.’‘When all the kings gave up attempting to string the bow, the great-souled Jishnu arose from among the Brahmanas. On seeing Partha advance, with a complexion resplendent like that of Indra’s flag, the chief Brahmanas shook their deerskins and created a loud uproar. Some of them were pleased. Others were displeased. Others among them, who lived by their wisdom and were wise, told each other, “O Brahmanas! If Kshatriyas like Karna and Shalya, who are famous in the world, have great strength and are well versed in Dhanur Veda, could not string the bow, how can this weakling Brahmana, with no knowledge of weapons, succeed?	Karna waaanted to win Draupadi just like Bhishma won Gandhar and Kashi Swayamwars for his kings. Krushna knew it by divine vision and guided Draaupadi, who was free to allow or disallow anyone to enter compitition.	
Who are some perfect characters in the Mahabharata Who did things that are only right	Excellent question found among myriads of nonsense out there on the topic of Mahabharata. My regards and appreciation to the questioner.Alright, if one really takes mahabharata seriously without applying one’s own sense of dharma, there would be a good amount of list to analyze. I’m lazy so my answer will be short here.The 100/100 scorers:Vidura - He comes at the top of such a list. In any assembly, when there is some injustice happening, and you know who is at fault, but due to whatever reason you are silent, you would have to incur sin, even if your silence was right for your role. In the Dice-hall it was him alone who was screaming all the time against the wrongs and evils that were happening. For that reason alone, Vidura didn’t get to even see the Kurukshetra battle.Krishna - We find so many faults in him. We think he broke several dharmas in several places. But the truth is dharma is such a complex spider-web that the spider alone can easily walk in it and knows the shortcuts as well as long routes to reach any terminal within that web. Other insects who get stuck up inside don’t get to even crawl inside the web properly, because that cobweb belongs to the Spider i.e., “dharmasya prabhurachutaH”, and we say - ‘he lied here, he did adharma here, he is this, he is that……endless….and what is the source of our authority? Our *little* brain!. The best testimony of Krishna never deviating from dharma comes from the scene where he revives a dead parikshit. Read MBH where he didn’t use any divine powers to bring him to life. Parikshit was born dead and krishna brings him to life by staking his own adherance of dharma and moral codes at stake and questioning the destiny saying, “If these were true, let him be alive”..and wooosh…Parikshit gains life!The A+ Grade / 1st Class scorers:Now, what is perfectness? It is like A+ grade where it is a ‘range’ and not a number. It is like 1st division where it is a ‘range’ of marks and no single number. So, we have discussed 100/100 scorers above. Now, the below one’s had few misses here and there but still I would call them perfect who did things which were right.Pandavas, Draupadi, Bhishma, Drona, Kunti et alActually, this question is such a one which cannot be answered in a single page answer. It would at least need 10–20 pages length of answer to justify each and every character and I am too lazy to put that much energy here on Quora. So, would put a stop here.	Barring Vidura whose good moral advice to Kauravas always fell on deaf ears, nobody is perfect. Yudhishthira played dice game, gambled away his brothers and wife. He also uttered an half truth in battle to take down Drona.Krishna, as a strategist for Pandavas, knew a bit of adharma yuddha was inevitable for Pandavas to win and conducted it accordingly.In final analyses, however, Yudhishthira stands out as Vyasa accorded him a high status for Yudhishthora alone ascended to heaven in his mortal body.Krishna was elevated to an avatar, so he was always right. Hope this helps.-Vasu-	In Mahabharata, there are no perfect character keeping Krishna aside. Everyone has there own flaws which make us realise how we can't be when we are in that state. For instance, 1.Legend Bhishma — Too much devoted to his vow , knowing even he knows that it is dangerous​ to the society if his powers are placed in wrong hands2. Dronacharya — Too much love for his son, which resulted him in using his powers against Dharma.3. Karna — Yes, most painful character of Mahabharata. Lot of sufferings. Entire society is aganist him and then came a man who consoled him and shown him love, Dhuryodhana. So Karna devoted him. But Karna failed to change the character of his friend which resulted in a massive destruction on.Like this All characters, in one way or another, they are imperfect.	Different version of Mahabharat shows different character as the pure soul.However in all the versions, there are 2 characters of Mahabharat shows as pure soul in all the versionsViduraSahadevI know all of us know about the sahadev gift and Viduras justice.I would like to point only one glimpse hereThere is a literature or a guidelines known as Viduraneedhi which simply show why he is pure soulShavadev is the only one who is natural thought the epic except the mahabhart war.So these are 2 pure characters.	Great Question, I will not include Krishna in the answer as he is the Supreme Personality of Godhead and of course he is the personification of perfection. Besides him I can guess only one person who did all the things that were right that was VIDURA. He was the only person who spoke against the injustice which was happening against Draupadi when no one else spoke anything. He helped the pandavas escape and ofcourse he was a great devotee of Lord Krishna.	Bheemasena and Draupadi are the perfect characters. this is told in Mahabharatha Thatparya Nirnayathe authentic reference is‘’ Samastha Jeeva Rashauthu Durlakshana vivarjithoupoorna chith sukha shakthyadehe yoguo krishnaa cha maruthihi ‘’( Draupdi is called as Krishnaa and Bheemasena is called as Maruthihi )it means among all the people in the whole universe , both Bheemasena and Draupadi are always perfect and they belong to para shukla thraya that means Mahalakshmi, Bheemasena, and Draupadi who are called as embodiment as perfect characters	
What is the climax of Mahabharata	There are climax in TV serial Mahabharat. But in actual book, there are many climax. After each climax , there is synthesis, analysis afterwards.After losing gamble, pandav discuss this in jungle. After winning war, pandav discuss it with Bhishm.Even this book start with story of great grandson of Arjun, who is angry with serpents because Takshak killed his father.To calm down him, sages start telling story of mahabharat	
Without a war whats a warrior to do	My grandfather, a Vietnam Vet, once said that “you can take the soldier out of the war, but not the war out of the soldier.” Readjusting to civilian life was extremely hard for him, until he found an outlet that matched the adrenaline at times that he missed in war. That was police detective work. Not the ideal job for all warriors, but it’s a stepping stone to get back into society. Furthermore, soldiers returning from war or just leaving the force regardless of combat experience, can have several advantages in employment opportunities that civilians don’t enjoy. Not only economically due to all the benefits they receive, but also in federal jobs affirmative action due to service and in civilian jobs a preference in resume. Warriors have many attributes civilians will simply never have naturally, such as leadership/capability to work under stress, excellent motivation, and determination to complete tasks. So what can a warrior do without wars? A helluva a lot that’s what.	
Is it true that Draupadi in the Mahabharata was in love with Bhishma	by going annoymous, I can easily understand who this person could be. The Mahabharata is a very grand and old Epic, if you read it or see it in movie/serials, you can clearly know that Bishma was the grandfather of Pandus so, he is also a grand father of Draupadi, and in the religion Pandus and Draupadi follow, they love and respect their elders but not the kind of love you are thinking about.	
Who was the brother of Vichitravirya in Mahabharat	The brother of Vichitravirya was Chitrangada, elder son of the king Shantanu and Devi Satyavati and step brother of Bhisma, son of Shantanu and Devi Ganga. Since Bhisma took a vow of not ascending the throne of Hastinapur, he (Chitrangada) became the king after his father Shantanu and was very successful. But, he was slain by a Gandharva king , and then his younger brother Vichitravirya ascended the throne of Hastinapur.	
Only 5 persons knew the birth secret of Karna in Mahabharat of which Duryodhan is one How did he come to know it	Duryodhana did not know his birth secret. But he knew he was not son of Adirath even in Rangbhoomi. He clearly says karna was not son of Radha by giving example of deer cannot give birth to lion and also mysterious birth of pandavas, Drona and even Kartikeya who was brought up by kritika not Parvati.He knew karna was divine child by his armor and also as Adirath was friend of Dhritrashtra he had adopted karna was no secret from their family. But that is it. He knew he was not son of Adirath and was some divine kid and most probably a kshtriya when he crowned him. He did not crown a Suta or son of Adiratha in his view.But the main element of karna birth was his actual parents. Duryodhana had no idea about it until his death. Bhishma knew it from Narada or Vyasa. Krishna and Kunti knew it.I think karna knew his secret much earlier because of his adoption story not birth story and also because Kunti kept eye on him through spies. At some point of time it is not so easy to keep eye on such a celebrated figure and king and not get caught. But it is just a guess.	Duryodhan never knew Karna's birth secret. The ones who knew are:- Kunti (obviously), Krishna, Bhishma, Veda Vyasa himself and most probably Kuntibhoja.	Wrong assumption. Duryodhana came to know about Karna’s birth secret only after Karna’s death. When Duryodhana went to Bheeshma to tell Karna’s death news, Bheeshma explained to him who Karna really was.	When Duryodhana had gone to marry Draupadi and Karna also had gone then Draupadi rejected Karna as Karna was a shudra. Then duryodhana came to know about the birth of Karna.	
Which is the real place of Karna s kavach	Karna's kavacha and kundala is in the custody of the Gods. Previously, it was with Karna.	
Why did Pitamah Bhishma not attack Mathura to rescue Vasudev and Devaki from Kans	It is not his job and not his place of duty.He is a not a King and his duty is to protect Hastinapura from enemies, not making new ones.Mathura is far south of India whereas Hastinapura is in north side.He is not going to travel such long distance to rescue 2 persons fighting Kamsa because the latter is the son-in-law of Jarasandha an EMPEROR OF INDIA.This is the reason why Krishna was harassed by repeated invasions of Jarasandha until they went to Dwaraka. He wanted Revenge.	Because Kunti was adopted into Kuntibhoja. When the other Yadavas did nothing why would the Kurus? Besides, Bhishma had enough problems in his own kingdom to contend with.	Bhishma was not king, he was binded with kuruvansha only and dhritrashtra is the king but not emperor like lord rama	
Why didnt Krishnas sons fight in the Mahabharata	If viewed in the perspective of realism, Krishna had ensured that he would be with the winning side irrespective of who won the war. His army fought with Kaurava’s side while he himself sided with Pandavas. Nonetheless, of who wins, he can always claim that he helped one side through the war.Thus there is no third side that Krishna couldn’t deploy against. No wonder he didn't even let his brother fight the war. Let alone his sons.	
Why did Bheeshma refrain Karna from joining the Mahabharata war during his tenure as the commander in chief	Bhishma did not refrain Karna from joining war. It is the other way round. Karna refused to join as long as Bhishma was alive.It happened thusBhishma was giving ranks to warriors on both sides.Rathi,artha rathi,Ati Rathi And Maharathi He said ..“this vile braggart, Karna,who is your counsellor, guide, and friend, this vain wight who is destitute of sense, this Karna, is neither a Ratha nor an Atiratha.Without sense, this one has been deprived of his natural armour and his ear rings.In consequence of the curse of Parasurama as also of the words of a Brahmana (who cursed him on another occasion),he is only half a Ratha.Having approached Arjuna in battle, he will not certainly escape with life!'Drona supported Bhishma’s ranking,He said, ' He boasts on the eve of every battle, but yet he is seen to retreat every time.Kind (out of season) and blundering, it is for this that Karna, in my judgment, is only half a Ratha!'Karna retorted thusO Bhishma from your aversion to me, you hurt me thus, with your wordyarrows at every step.I tolerate, however, all this for the sake of Duryodhana.Indicating me as only half a Ratha, you regard me worthless,O Bhishma you are the enemy of Kurus.It is true the scriptures teach that the words of the old should be listened to.But very old people will become childlike.They lose their sense of judgement.Alone I will wipe off the army of the Pandavas!But if I do so the fame will be Of Bhishma because he is leader. SoI will not fight as long as Bhishma is alive. After Bhishma’s fall I will fight with all the Maharathas of the enemy united together!'ExcerptnAhaM jIvati gA~Ngeye yotsye rAjankatha~nchana |hate tu bhIShme yodhAsmi sarvaireva mahArathaiH || 27||Precisely it is Karna’s decision not to fight under Bhishma’s leadership.Bhishma and Drona pointed out his lapses like retreating from the battle field,losing earrings and armour,and being effected by curses from Parasurama and the brahmin.Karna took offence and declared that he won’t fight under Bhishma.Karna should have put aside his personal differences with Bhishma and fought for Duryothana,On second thoughts his decision enabled Bhishma to lead Kauravas without any disturbance,Karna’s presence definitely would have ignited internal differences giving rise to arguments galore!It has become a habit for most of the people to accuse Bhishma for Karna’s non participation. Epic did not say so.Foot notesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Udyoga Parv. Ch.165Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Udyoga Parva CXLIX	Thanks Bhanu,We all know Bhishma Pitamah was the prince who had Ganga as his mother and Shantanu as the father.He was a perfect descendent of Kuru because after Puru this tree had been irrigated by water of several sources of water.Hence Bhishma new well what was something Royal and other things pertaining to the public and Karna according to him was sinfully gotten.He watched the conduct of Karna who had nothing to do with the throne of Hastinapur and till his life, it was only Bhishma who was the rightful title holder but for his promise and vow to Satyavati to make his father happy.Till Bhishma survived it was not possible for any one to safeguard the interests of Hastinapur more than him.It was his right as legacy to become Bhishma from Dev vrata in the same way and by words that for the sake of throne, he could put himself away from the throne, in as much as what Nishada worried about sons of Bhishma, it also meant son of any one else taking away the throne from the descendents of Satyavati.Karna made a small passage through Duryodhana to get the place in the court and rose to the minister and confidential to Dhritrashtra too.Since Dhritrashtra lost control on Duryodhana and he himself became the achiever of the throne much against the Pandavas interest, Bhishma had to divide the Kingdom but the vow still prevailed in so far as allottment to Pandavas was made Khandava kingdom devoid of development and even the residence had to be prepared as a new court room.Karna heavily slipped in the shoes of Duryodhana to support in any decision of either Duryodhana or of Karna himself.The hatred towards Pandavas was no exception and Bhishma wanted to avoid confrontation between the two.So Bhishma started to prick Karna and Karna made all efforts to make Duryodhana to agree with him.Finally for the numbering Maharathi and rathi Bhishma played Half Rathi card which could not be tolerated by Karna and even he was required by his friend most.Karna declared that he was not willing to show any feat which may give any credit to the chief commandership of Bhishma.Karna put his prestige as warriorship more important and on higher ladder than the ladder of his friendship.It was not Bhishma supwrficially but it was Bhishma who never wanted Karna to hurt the Pandavas till he himself( Bhishma) was alive.	Other people have given excellent answers to the question. Karna was a great warrior by birth and nature, but his mind became contaminated by his material identification and attachments, born out of his association with sudra foster parents. Too late Yudhisthira was able to understand the reason for Karna’s hatred towards the Pandavas, and he cursed his own mother for keeping the secret out of fear and shame. For the same reason Karna kept the secret, out of fear and shame. So the teaching from the Mahabharata is: fear and shame are always a cause for disaster, as they push even potentially good people into very bad choices. A similar teaching is contained in the results of Santanu’s lusty infatuation with Satyavati the daughter of a degraded (greedy, selfish) fisherman, who demanded the destruction of the entire kingdom for a petty political gain of putting his own seminal descendents on the throne, cutting off the super-qualified Bhishma. Unfortunately Mahabharata and Ramayana have often been distorted by opponents of Hinduism to try to “prove” that Hinduism is bad - that is based on caste/ birth prejudice, mysogyny, dirty politics, unethical behavior, etc. And even more unfortunately, some Hindus appear to have fallen into the trap and emotionally identified with such confusing presentations, so they have ended up defending what should not be defended: this is clearly because of ignorance, tamas.pravrittim ca nivrittim ca karyakarye bhayabhayebandham moksam ca ya vetti buddhih sa partha sattviki"O son of Pritha, sattvik intelligence is when one knows what should be accepted and what should be rejected, what actions should be performed and what actions should not be performed, what is to be feared and what is not to be feared, what brings liberation and what brings bondage. 18.30yaya dharmam adharmam ca karyam cakaryam eva caayathavat prajanati buddhih sa partha rajasi"O son of Pritha, the type of intelligence that does not understand clearly what is the difference between dharma and adharma, or what should be done and what should not be done, is controlled by rajas. 18.31adharmam dharmam iti ya manyate tamasavritasarvarthan viparitams ca buddhih sa partha tamasi"O son of Pritha, the type of intelligence influenced by tamas believes adharma to be dharma, and because it is covered by darkness it always chooses the wrong direction in all pursuits. 18.32dhritya yaya dharayate manah pranendriya kriyahyogenavyabhicarinya dhritih sa partha sattviki"O son of Pritha, the sattvik determination is that which sustains the dutiful activities of the mind, the prana and the senses through the practice of yoga without interruption. 18.33yaya tu dharma kamarthan dhritya dharayate 'rjunaprasangena phalakanksi dhritih sa partha rajasi"O son of Pritha, that determination that sustains dharma, kama and artha because of the desire for their benefits is (produced) by rajas guna. 18.34yaya svapnam bhayam sokam visadam madam eva cana vimuncati durmedha dhritih sa partha tamasi"O son of Pritha, the determination in tamas guna is characterized by stupidity and cannot go beyond dreaming, fearfulness, lamentation, moroseness and illusion. 18.35yas tu kritsna vad ekasmin karye saktam ahaitukamatattvartha vad alpam ca tat tamasam udahritam"The narrow-mindedness that sees dutiful action in one method only, to which one is irrationally attached, and that does not give the proper meaning/ importance to reality, is described as controlled by tamas. 18.22anubandham ksayam himsam anapeksya ca paurusammohad arabhyate karma yat tat tamasam ucyate"Those activities that are cause for bondage, that are destructive, hateful, careless, and fabricated without real knowledge, performed out of illusion, are said to be in tamas. 18.25	Karna and Bheeshma were were two great warriors in Kaurava’s army on which their victory depended but both of them had Their Own Personal Agendas. Bheeshma clearly declared that he will not kill any Pandav and will compel Krishna to take arms as he wanted to be killed only by Krishna or Arjuna. Karna had his own Agenda to kill only Arjuna. There was a hidden agreement in them to die as they were sure that they are on wrong side in that holy war……Kunti and Krishna already tried to wash the heart of Karna he also agreed to some level, Dhritrashtra had already warned and intimated by Vyasa and many other sages that the whole Kaurav Clan will destroy in that war and urged to order Kauravas to stop that, every one in Kauravas was counselled but only due to the pretext and greed of Duryodhan and Dhritrashtra that war happened.	Bheeshma intentionally did this to refrain karna from joining till the former was C-I-C to save Pandavas.It once happened that Duryodhana asked Bheeshma who all are potential warriors on kaurava side to combat the battle .Bheeshma took every king’s name except Karna intentionally to insult him .Bheeshma knew that Karna was cursed by his Master Parashurama which makes Karna just a small warrior .So Karna took a vow that he will not enter the battle until the fall of Bheeshma .	Karna called Draupadi veshya.Draupadi is queen of kuru clan.Bheeshma got hurt-in that Karna put his (Bheeshma's) guru to shame by such behaviour.So Bheeshma recognised Karna artharathi.Karna felt belittled and vowed not to fight in the war till Bheeshma is a part of war.People assume that Bheeshma intentionally kept Karna out of war which is not true. He knew that even another 10 Bheeshma and 10 Karna fights the war for Duryodhana, Krishna will lead Pandavas to victory.	
What was the last episode of Mahabharat on StarPlus	Now the serial ended 4–5 months late than it was supposed too , for some obvious reasons.I am always unhappy with Indian television for giving more importance to TRPThey could have shown it till the mahaprasthan , but the series was already short.The budget was too high to maintain.So this goes on in the last episodeYudhistir’s coronation goes on . Everybody has mistful happiness in there eyes.Draupadi had her choodamani. Everybody looked tired out yet happy.Dhritarashtra wants Krishna to coronate yudhistir. Krishna looks towards the entrance again and again , as if waiting for somebody.A maid informs gandhari about the happenings. Gandhari is enraged with the fact that Krishna is coronating yudhistir. She walks towards the sabha followed by Kunti.She curses Krishna and entitles him as the cause of the war. Everybody gets shocked.Later she realises, but it’s too late . Krishna whole heartedly accepts the curse.Yudhistir sits on the throne with Panchali . All the characters stand beside as the background plays .At the end is “the last vichaar kijiye segment”You need to watch , because no way I could match the essence of the written script.	Episode 267 where Devi Gandhari curses Lord Krishna that His Yadava family will also be destroyed like her family has been destroyed in the war.	Well it had plenty of mistakes and lot of important events were missed in hotstar Mahabharat. The last episode contains the crowning of yudhisthira as the emperor and the curse of Gandhari to Krishna.	
Who were the Pandavas What were their names	Pandavas mean sons of Pandu. He was king of Hastinapur. Pandavas great role in Mahabharat War.Name:-1.Yudhistar2. Bhim3. Arjun4. Nikul5. SehdevFirst 3 sons of Kunti and two other of Madhavi (wives of Pandu).Daryojna(villain of Mahabharata) was tried to kill them many time but he didn’t successful in his aim.Arjun was hero of Mahabharata. He was great worrier.Yudhistra was elder brother of all.Bhim was remembred for his strong body and tallest.Nikul and Sehdev were sword worrier.	
What is the other name of Bhishma Pitamah in Mahabharat	In the epic Mahabharata, Bhishma (Sanskrit: भीष्‍म) was well known for his pledge of Brahmacharya (celibacy).The eighth son of Kuru King Shantanu and the goddess Ganga. Bhishma was blessed with wish-long life.In Sanskrit, the word Bhishma (भीष्म) means 'one who undertakes a terrible vow(bheeshma pratigya) and fulfills it.'His other names are as follows-Devavrata (देवव्रत) -Gangaputra (गंगापुत्र) - son of Ganga (Purity)Shantanava (शान्तनव) - descendant (son) of ShantanuPitamaha (पितामह) - paternal grandfatherMahamahima (महामहिम) - great king or the one who is excessively greatGauranga (गौरांग) - the one with fair bodyShvetaveera (श्वेतवीर) - a white warrior or the one who is heroic whiteAshta Vasu - elemental gods (in previous life)	
Who had a stronger and stable Kshatriya temperament between Bhishma and Arjuna	First of all, what is Kshatriya and their duty????The kshatriya constituted the ruling and military class of the society and their duty was to protect society by fighting in wartime and governing in peacetime.Now let as see who followed the Kshatriya duties.Bhishma - Blindly loved his father so much that, without thinking a second he takes oath of Brahmacharya and blindly followed the successor of Satyavati. Bhishma was a great Son and he had done all duties of a son by sacrificing his life to his father , but failed as Kshatriya. As a Kshatriya, he failed in protecting innocents (Pandavas and Draupadi). Even in kurukshetra war, Bhishma was soft towards Pandavas and announces that he will not kill Pandavas.Arjun - Through out his life, he followed Kshatriya duties and worked for welfare of society. Only in the starting of Kurukshetra war, Arjun refused to kill his beloved and respected elder's. But after Krishna's guidence Arjun de-mobilised Bhishma.	Bhisma off course , He literally controlled the krukshetra war for 10 days of his tenure as army commnader of Kaurava s. He didnt let either side loose or win .Bhisma completely follows war ethics and fights as per Kshatriya Dharma .Arjuna is confused from start of the war , he coudnt face Bhisma and Lord Krishan needs to intervene . Arjuna breaks war ethics in Bhisma parva by killing Bhusawras from behind and injuring Bhisma hiding behind shikhandi .	
What is meant by Yajnaseni	Yajnaseni means the daughter of Yajnasena( Drupada.)Drupada was referred to as Yajnasena many times in the Epic.Drona said So when he was narrating his story to Bhishma.pA~nchAlarAjaputrastu yaj~naseno mahAbalaH |mayA sahAkarodvidyAM guroH shrAmyansamAhitaH || 26||sa me tatra sakhA chAsIdupakArI priyashcha me |tenAhaM saha sa~Ngamya ratavAnsuchiraM bata || 27||bAlyAtprabhRRiti kauravya sahAdhyayanameva cha || 27||CH122Excerpt, At that time, actuated by the same motives, the prince of Panchala, the mighty Yajnasena, also lived in the same asylum. He became my friend, always seeking my welfare. I liked him much. Indeed, we lived together for many, many years. O thou of Kuru's race, from our earliest years we had studied together and, indeed, he was my friend from boyhood, always speaking and doing what was agreeable to me.Drona here explained how he became friends with Yajnasena,the Panchala Prince.His other popular name is Drupada,Another instance that refers Drupada as Yajnasenayaj~nasenasya kAmastu pANDavAya kirITine |kRRiShNAM dadyAmiti sadA na chaitadvivRRiNoti saH || 8|ExcerptYajnasena always cherished the desire of bestowing his daughter on Kiriti (Arjuna), the son of Pandu. But he never spoke of it to anybody. And, O Janamejaya, the king of Panchala thinking of Arjuna caused a very stiff bow to be made that was incapable of being bent by any except Arjuna. Causing some machinery to be erected in the sky, the king set up a markHere also it is Yajnasena who cherished the desire to offer Draupadi to Arjun.There are many more instances where Drupada was referred by the name Yajnasena.So Drupada was Yajnasena whose daughter was Yajnaseni.Krishnaa was the original name of the princess of Panchal.She is Draupadi because she is the daughter of DrupadaShe is Yajnaseni because she is the daughter of Yajnasena.Yajnasenasya apatyam putri. .Yajnaseni.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version,Adi Parv ch. 122,175Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parv Section CXXXIII,CLXXXVIIUnabridged versionsGitapress Gorakhpur Edition translated into Hindi by Pandit RamnarayanSouthern Recession Kumbhakonam EditionPPS Sastri Edited Southern RecessionNilakantha Bhavadipa..	
Why couldnt Karna stop Arjuna from killing Vrishasena and Jayadratha if he was a better archer than Arjuna	Karna could not even defeat Abhimanyu. He hit Abhimanyu’s bow from the back, when Abhimanyu was busy fighting with other warriors. Karna was inferior to Arjuna.	Forget about Vrishsena and Jayadratha from Arjuna, karna was unable to save Dushshana from Bhima although Bhima was continuously challenging him and others that he will kill him in front of all. Not only that karna fled after his death and was terrified for a while.	
How can anyone with a logical humanitarian frame of mind justify Khandav Dahan Burning of the Khadava Forest by Krishna Arjuna as mentioned in Mahabharata	I love logical and rational answers and would like to write that as well in this topic. But at the same time I won’t indulge in cherry-picking by describing some part of the story is fabricated and some part is true unless the part sounds illogical.Pandavas stayed in Indraprastha for long time and no where it was mentioned that they had any conflict with Nagas or they needed more land so that they have to burn a forest.The original conflict mentioned in the story was between Agni and Nagas. Agni wanted to burn Khandava Prastha but failed due to Indra who was friend of Naga King Takshaka.Now you need to decide whom you identity as Devas and whom with Nagas - as per story both are mythical creatures or other way around Naga, Human, Deavas, Rakshashas or Asuras all originated from source Bramha.Both Devas and Nagas by average more powerful than human race.There was no much information given how they shared relation between them.Naga King Vasuki is revered figure and Krishna’s brother Balarama himself was often identified with Sesh Naga.Arjuna also had relationship with Ulupi, Daughter of Naga King Kouravya.Their son Iravan fought on behalf of Pandavas and died.Ulupi later spent 36 years as queen in Hastinpur along with other queens.Later it was said that during the duel between Arjuna and Karna all big Nagas including Vasuki supported Arjuna while Aswasena and other small Nagas supported Karna.So Nagas of Khandava Prastha were possibly a separate branch led by Takshaka with no connection with bigger Naga community.But how did Takshak managed to be friend with Powerful Indra is not mentioned here.Now Bramha asked Agni to take help of Arjuna and Krishna who were sporting that time with their friends in the near by place in bank of Yamuna.It’s a clever choice given Indra could try everything except trying to kill them. On top of that Krishna and Arjuna were top level archer.The moment Agni appears as Bramhin and asked for help they became ready to help but with a rider that they need powerful weapon to counter Indra.So both Agni and Krishna-Arjuna plays psychological game - some thing similar to Karna’s exchange of kavacha-kundala with indra when Indra appeared in front Karna to ask his Kavacha- Kundala and Karna in turn asked his Vasavi Shakti as advised by Sun God.Arjuna never refused any one who asked for a help - he helped the bramhin whose cows were stolen and then took the exile, he helped Ulupi by fulfilling her desire, he helped the Apasaras by ending their suffering of being crocodiles.So Arjuna and Krishna couldn’t refuse but plays a counter game since normal bramhins doesn’t need to burn a forest.Agni had to reveal his identity and the moment he makes the excuse of Indra, Arjuna and Krishna seized the opportunity to asked for powerful weapons.Arjuna gets Gandiva, Chariot and two inexhaustible quiver and Krishna gets Sudarshana Chakra and other weapons.With that they fought with Indra with a promise to Agni that they won’t let any one escape unless he/she asked for protection.Nagas didn’t surrendered and fought back with full power and tried to escape.With Indra’s help Takshaka’s son Aswasena managed to escape but his mother dies in process. Naga King Takshaka was not present so he was saved.Aswasena later tried to avenged his mother death by trying to kill Arjuna with the help of Karna on 17th day but failed and died.Later Takshaka killed Pariskhit, the grandson of Arjuna.Only Mayasura asked for protection and thus saved and then he made friendship with Arjuna.It was Krishna who asked him to build Mayasabha - which in turn caused the much bigger conflict.So from the above story Arjuna and Krishna’s main motivation was to get weapons as they couldn’t/ tactically didn’t wanted to refuse Agni.There are many people who just want remove the role of Agni and Indra and just want to show Pandavas as land grabber but that analysis has some flaws as it doesn’t answer the source of those important weapons which were going to play much bigger role in coming war.Now whether Pandavas actually wanted to grab the land and just waiting for some justified opportunity was a subject of speculation as Mahabharata doesn’t give hint that Pandavas were running out of land and therefore they have to burn or some how needs to grab more land.It’s also possible that Khandavapratsha was part of Hastinapur and Dritarastra cleverly gave them to Pandavas for building their own state.The point is if it was part of Hastinapur then what Nagas were doing there - were they occupier or the original natives?Mahabharat is silent on this issue.Some people’s assumption is Nagas came from North Panchala - Ahichchhatra literally means region of Nagas and it was the capital of North Panchala.It was won by Pandavas from Drupada and given to Drona. It was Aswathmma who ruled North Panchala.Overall No war can be justified on logical and humanitarian ground.Mahabharata exactly tells the story what happens with ambition, pride, ego, jealousy, revenge - the effect of war visible till the era of Janmejeya.End of the day the goal of Mahabharata was to reduce the weight of earth.IMO, it justified the destruction of a war mongered people to bring back the balance of society.Every cities, dams, factories are build on the ground which were most probably forest at some point of time. Most of the marvels of modern civilization were build by cutting down trees, removing forests etc.Those events were glorified by those who benefited by them, protested by those who suffered and silently watched by those who were in affected and not bothered.Draupadi extolled Arjuna’s prowess in front of Pandavas on how he single handedly defeated Nagas, Rakshashas and Devas where as Takshak’s son burnt with desire of revenge against Arjuna.In war parva Dritasratsra extolled similarly how Karna defeated so many Kings (because it benefited his son), how he mocked Draupadi in front of sons of Pandu (Yes he went even that far to extol Karna as he was fighting as Kuru Commander).Karna also extolled Arjuna’s feat in defeating Nagas of Khandavaprastha to Shalya on 17th day as being a warrior he desired to achieve similar feat or glory as warrior.After training Arjuna devas led by Indra asked him to kill Asuras - Nivantakavachas who were occupying the city of Devas and they failed to remove them.It was asked as guru dakshina and Arjuna obliged.Similarly Drona asked Arjuna to defeat Drupada and bring to him as guru Dakshina.Arjuna did the same and paid his Guru dakshina. Now should we say how it justified to extol such Guru Dakshina?Pandu went on hammering eastern Kingdoms ransacking Magadha capitol Rajagriha and making other eastern king’s as vassal and political slave.When he returned back home, the people of Hastinpura glorified him and proclaimed that the kingdoms who once looted the kurus were defeated and Pandu brought back the lost glories of Hastinapur.So here eastern kingdoms lost wealth and for them Pandu was just an invader but for Hastinapur sizzled in prosperity benefiting the people of all section so extolled their King.On top of that his power made all king to submit or make alliance with Hastinapur making it politically powerful.Khandava - Prastha it self was result of injustice by Dritarastra when he denied right to the Yudisthira whom he himself appointed as heir and then instead of at least sharing Hastinapur sent them to Khandava Prastha.Pandavas were more skillful ambitious who made Khandava Prastha an awesome city and in order to make it more prosperous and secured they strike the deal of burning Khandava Prastha,If Dritasratrsa had treated Pandavas as his sons and controlled Duryodhana, then together they would have made Hastinapur more prosperous and the element of insecurity wouldn’t be present.So justification of such events always happens through perspective.	
Who is Shvetaketu in the Mahabharata in the book of Mahabharats written by Kanaiyalal MaMakhanlal Munshi he is referred to as Revatis brother	According to Google and Wikipedia in the Mahabharata, Shvetaketu is credited for creating the practice of the "woman being confined to one husband for life" after observing a brahmana catching his mother's hand (unintentionally) in front of his father.	
Who stopped Janamejaya to do the snake sacrifice Vyasa or Astika	Astika the son of jaratkaru stopped it by singing praises on the king. Delighted by the young Brahman he asked him what he wanted. Astika asked him to stop the sarpa yagna before takshak who killed Parikshit was saved. There is also a Shloka from Mahabharat which is recited by twice borns ( means one who wears yagyopavita and does his daily Karma's)Narmadhaaye namaha prathaha narmadhaaye namo Nishi namosthu narmadhe tubyam traahimam visha sarpataha apa sarpa sarpa badram te dooram gacha mahayasha jamane jayasya yagyante aastika vachanam smaran jaratkavor jaratkarvaam samutpanamo mahayasha aastika Satya sandhomam Panna kepyo abhirakshtuThis is a prayer done to River Narmatha stating a reminder of saving of snakes by aastika and since aastika was a brahmin this Shloka when recited saves Brahmins from snake bites . We recite the shloka facing north as we follow our Northern way. But for people from south, east and west below Narmatha river I'm not sure how they follow the rituals of brahmins	It is Astika who stopped Janmeya to do snake sacrifice.Astika was an Sage and he was a son of Sage Jaratkaru by the serpent goddess Manasa - a sister of the great serpent king Vasuki. According to the Mahabharata, he saved the life of a serpent Takshaka, the king of snakes, when king Janamejaya organized a snake sacrifice known as Sarpa Satra, where he made great sacrifices of serpents, to avenge for the death of his father Parikshit due to snake bite of Takshaka. Ultimately, he induced and prevailed upon the king to end his persecution of the serpent race.	Astika stopped Janamejaya by giving him proper refutation. Astika was born with purpose of one day saving his race. He fulfilled his purpose.	
Why are Hanuman and Arjuna so overrated Hanuman was defeated by Ravana and Indrajit Arjuna was defeated by Karna Bhishma and ordinary robbers They are weak so why do fans love them	Last time I checked Mahabharat there is not a single incident where Bhishma or Karna defeated Arjuna. Even Karna when asked this question had no answer. Yes, he was unable to stop robbers because of curse on yadavas but even they did not defeat Arjuna. it was a riot type situation and if Indian army fails in controlling such situation we never read in newspaper that Indian army lost to stonepelters. Do we? Biggest authority on that incident is Vyasa himself and he himself says Arjuna was undefeated and it was fate.Now coming to Hanuman last time I checked Ramayana , Hanuman burned Lanka. He was also restraining himself so that Lord Rama gets credit. Hanuman is not overrated at all. In fact he is above rating. No weapon can harm him , no curse could affect him until he wishes. That person is above victory or defeat.In case of Indrajit he was a great warrior but If I remember correctly wasn’t he thrashed by Angad with bare hands. His chariot was broken, he was beaten and had to run and attack by hiding?The point is such questions in fact insult all those who are in the question. Be it Bhishma, karna, Arjuna, Hanuman because it reduces those great characters to caricature.Let us improve quality of Quora no matter whom we support or like. There is lot more to karna and Bhishma then fighting. One could ask more questions about what knowledge did Bhishma impart to yudhishtir etc etc.	How many times will such questions be added anonymously ?? Its obvious these are added by trolls.Such questions arises because the reader DID NOT read Mahabharata by Vyasa and Ramayana by Valmiki properly or merely watched interpolated versions on television.I've read both and hence, I'll answer your most ignorant questions one by one-Hanuman was never defeated by Ravan they fought to a stalemate, Hanuman was staggered by two blows from the fists of Ravana and reeled repeatedly. This is not considered a defeat, later Hanuman with a blow from his thunderbolt like fist momentarily makes Ravana lose his consciousness and blood oozed from the ear, eyes and face of Ravana, That mighty Ravana was swooned in the battlefield. Hanuman and Indrajit matched each other very well in Sundarakanda, Indrajit realising Hanuman cannot be defeated by ordinary missiles used the Brahmastra and that weapon bound the powerful son of Vayu, Hanuman realised this and bowed to Brahma. Hanuman could free himself after the effect of the weapon was over but did not due to desire to meet Ravana. Here We can say Indrajit considerably defeated Hanuman with the use of Brahmastra.Arjuna was never defeated by either Karna or Bhishma. In fact Arjuna defeated them both more than twice, Arjuna defeated every kuru warrior in battle of Kurukshetra. The robbers here you are referring to must be the ones who took away the wives of Shri Krishna, yes Arjuna was not successful in saving all of Krishna's wives but that time all of Arjuna's powers were taken away after death of Krishna as a sort of curse, same Arjuna found it difficult to use the Gandiva because that time the purpose for his incarnation was over. Thus you can say Arjuna was defeated in his purpose of saving the wives of Krishna yet still Arjuna saved as many as he could.Now coming to most important point, You call both Hanuman and Arjuna as overrated on what basis?? They are both highly underrated in the epics. You would appreciate their value even more if you read the epics properly. So, desist from asking such brain dead questions and instead read the epics.	Arjuna was never defeated by Karna, Bhisma and ordinary robbers. Blind fantics, and biased individuals will not accept this fact but no matter how many lies are spread the truth is that Arjuna did not lose any encounter with them.I will not waste my time in showing proof on why he did not lose to them as i already have done so in my previous answers and so have other quorans/quora users. I cannot repeat myself over and over again, you karna/bhisma fans should educate yourselves instead.Haters of Arjuna can educate themselves but probably won’t because they are selective and are fans of karna and fake bhakts of krishna. As many Arjuna haters disguise themselves as krishna bhakts.Regarding Hanuman well you have bhakti to blame for that because Hanuman was not described as a god in the Ramayana of Valmiki.Arjuna is not overrated.He is rather underrated in my opinion.	LOL! Hanuman easily defeated Ravana, and allowed himself to be defeated by Indrajit. Hanuman was too strong because of his blessings, he was an illusionist maedre and with the simple movement of his eyebrows he can split 14 universes so it is nothing overrated.Arjuna if overrated by the Virata war which is considered by scholars as interpolation, by ISKCON and even Ved Vyasa said that there were no fights between Karna and Arjuna after Karna obtained Vasavi Shakti. And Krishna said that Bhishma, Drona, Karna, Bhurishrava and Duryodhana could not be killed in a just battle, I doubt if Krishna would say that if Arjuna defeated all the Kuru Maharatha.And Arjuna was only powerful because of Krishna, Shiva, Hanuman, Nandi Ghosh, Gandiva and their quivers. Without the aforementioned coaas he was defeated by Banboodhari thieves, Saindhava soldiers and Babruvahana. Even Ved Vyasa said that Arjuna was even inferior to Kripa	Oh! You have got it all wrong, haven't you?First, Karan never defeated Arjun.And second,It's never about the fight, is it?It's about the cause you are fighting for… and the ability to bounce back after you have lost.All the warriors we know of, never lamented in grief after losing a war. They understood their lacunae, prepared themselves better, and bounced back again.That's the take home message.	Indrajit shot “Brahmastra” which was supposed to blow Hanuman to smithereens, instead it transformed into a rope and bound him.Ravana set the tail of Hanuman on fire and Hanuman burned the entire Lanka in front of Ravana.You call that “defeat”?Hanuman has ashta siddhi, he cannot be defeated.If Arjuna was really defeated, how exactly did he win Kurukshetra war, which was the most crucial moment in the lives of both brothers “Kauravas” and “Pandavas”.	Arjuna defeated by karna! It is truly said that kalyug is upon us with all the ignorance and fake facts floating around. Not to mention everything said by Sri Krishna about karna is misquoted.	
What happened to Yadu after Yayati cursed him	Yadu, first son of Yayati and Devyani, refused to exchange his youth with his father. That’s why Yayati cursed him that none of his descendants would be known as Yayati’s descendants. That means, Yadu’s descendants would not fall under Chandravansh or Lunar Dynasty.After being cursed, Yadu left the capital and went near the banks of Sindhu. Some says he went to Krouncha van and later established his kingdom near Sindhu river. It is also said Yayati gave him south part of his kingdom. Whatever be it, Yadu had two sons named Sahasrajit and Kroshtu. When the original territory of Yadu was partitioned between Sahasrajit and Kroshtu, the former received the part lying to the western bank of the river Sindhu and the latter received the territory situated along the east bank of the river. Sahasrajit's descendants were named after his grandson, Haihaya, and were known as the Haihayas. King Kroshtu's descendants were often referred to as the Yadavas. Lord Krishna is one of Kroshtu’s descendants.	Yadu refused to exchange his years of youth with his father Yayati. So he was cursed by Yayati that none of Yadu's progeny shall possess the dominion under his father's command.There by, he could not have carried on the same dynasty, called Somavamshi. Notably, the only remaining dynasty of King Puru was entitled to be known as Somavamshi. There by King Yadu ordered that the future generations of his would be known as Yadavas and the dynasty would be known as Yaduvanshi. The generations of Yadu had an unprecedented growth and got divided into two branches.	
Where can I buy unabridged version of Mahabharata and Ramayana	Gita PressRamayana is available in English,Hindi and many Indian languages,Two varieties available with sanskrit verse and without it only language.Mahabharat available in 6 books in hindi and many Indian languages.Visit their website for more details.	
Can you visualize why Duryodhana did not request or force Dronacharya to provide him Brahmastra or any devastating weapon as such	Brahmastra is not just Brahmastra. People often confuse weapons of Brahma with many warriors and often used in Mahabharat with Brahmshira which is what we generally refer to Brahmastra. You can say it became a generic term for all lower level Brahma weapons but the weapon which was the best was Brahmshira.Forget about Duryodhana even all pandavas did not get it. Only Arjuna and Ashwathama obtained it and even Ashwathama did not get full knowledge. karna who was also a student was then asked by Duryodhana to get it from Drona in order to tackle Arjuna. But Drona fearing their plans even refused karna who was a great archer that weapon. Karna on this point left school of Drona and obtained that weapon from Parshruama and then informed Duryodhana.So, Duryodhana wanted Brahmastra but he was not eligible and not even capable of reaching lower level of such weapons to even think of getting it. Karna was his hope and even he by directly naming Arjuna to Drona , prematurely revealed his plan to Drona. Drona couldn’t pull Duryodhana ear and take him to Dhritrashtra so made an excuse to Karna of his caste.So, I think you answer why is there only. He was not eligible and who had any chance of getting it in excitement revealed why they needed that weapon in advance and thus warned Drona.Brahmashira or such weapons are not a joke that they could be given to anyone just like that. First the person should be eligible and also capable to handle such weapons with maturity and not use them in anger or fun. Drona loved his son bliindly so gave him that weapon but as he was aware of his temperament did not reveal it in full form and even Ashwathama being not so attentive student learned how to withdraw it.Arjuna also did not get it just like that. He worshiped Drona for a long period and then passed the crocodile test. Drona gave him BRahmshira only after that test not earlier.	To acquire divine weapons one needs to have some advanced qualifications like maintaining bramhinical vows. You should know that even the 4 pandavas although on path of dharma still did not have access to divine weapons then what to speak of duryodhan and others. Even karna wasn't qualified but he cheated Parshuram and acquired it.	Duryodhan was a garhadar which means his weapon was gadha.bharmastr was a knowledge which belongs dhanurvidya which means archery .that's why their is no scope for Duryodhan force dhornacharya for bharmstra knowledge.for example Engineer cannot do specialisation degree in neurology.	No one can be master in each and every thing, duryodhan was master and virtually undefeatable in gada yuddh (mace fighting) and he was satisfied with that fact. So, he didn't forced dronacharya for any such weapon. He learned art of gada yuddh from teacher balaram, the elder brother of krishna.	
Is it true that Arjuna was about to kill Draupadi during the war as it has been shown in BR Chopras Mahabharata	Thank you for the A2A.First, Draupadi was loved and respected by the Pandavas. They never mistreated her. Nowhere in the epic did any of them even raise their voice against her, let alone harm her physically in any way. When Arjuna was about to return from Swargaloka, the pandavas with Draupadi were on their way to the mountains to meet him. On the way Draupadi faints from exhaustion. Nakula and Sahadeva rub her feet and care for her, while Yudhishthira laments that it’s all his fault that a delicate princess like her has to go through such a rough life! When Draupadi wants the beautiful saugandhika lotus, Bhima fights with and kills hundreds of rakshasas to fulfill her wish. When Arjuna comes back from Swarga, he presents all the celestial ornaments given by Indra to her. When Jayadratha abducts her, they all rush off to save her. She was their beloved, cherished and even favorite wife; none of them ever even spoke harshly to her.During the war, Draupadi was nowhere near the battlefield. The war was fought in Kurukshetra while Draupadi stayed in Upaplavya in Matsya with the other ladies. There was no washing of her hair in Dussasana’s blood or Arjuna venting his ire on her for any reason. She was far away; the pandavas didnt see her at all for the duration of the war. In fact she didn’t even keep her hair unkempt and loose for the duration of their exile.The TV serials do a great job in getting the younger generation interested in our culture and epics, but they twist and change the story too much to be reliable. They are not a good source for knowing facts. Watch them just for their entertainment value.	Yeah Arjuana was abouy to kill Subhadra also. Once he went to a village wanted to kill all the animals over there. And next time when he went into exile wanted to everybody who came on his way. That's what Arjuna was. I am fade up of such questions showing Arjuna in bad light after watching fake Mahabharat or TV serials. Please people do your research and read authentic version. Arjuna was a legend. A follower of Dharma. Bheeshma Drona Karna Shwathama Kripa etc were ready to kill their relatives but It was Arjuna who dares to ask question that why should I kill my people?	I don't know in which part of the serial of BR Chopra was Arjuna about to kill his wife, you must have misunderstood a scene but know this even B.R Chopra's Mahabharata didn't show accurate events. Please read Original Mahabharata by Vyasa either BORI CE or KMG editions, then you won't be asking such questions.	No, there wasn't any scene enacted in BR chopra's Mahabharata where Arjuna tried killing Draupadi, instead it was Yudhisthira, he wanted to kill. When Yudhisthira was anxious, and asked him to give up the Gandhirva and mocked him that he still didn't killed karna because he feared him. This enraged Arjuna enough and he attacked his own brother.	
Who was the rightful heir to the throne of Hastinapur Yudhishtira or Duryodhana	This particular episode was depicted very dramatically in Bhaas’ Nataka, “Doota-vAkyam”After the completion of Pandavas’ exile, Krishna is sent as an ambassador to Hastinapur where Duryodhana is King (he changed the history in his drama a bit to suit his storyline) and Krishna asks him to come to terms with the Pandavas.There is a very interesting argument, in which Duryodhana breaks the line and questions the lineage of the Pandavas. He is trying to insult Kunti, he's lost his senses, control over his toungue and utters rubbish about her being of dubious character. For, the Pandavas, were not born of Pandu as he was cursed, but from various Gods and Kunti’s union with them.By disproving of the Pandavas being born of Pandu, he refuses their right in the property, as the property belongs to Pandu, who had no heir. These were the sons of Kunti and 5 Gods. Hence, in the absence of Pandu, the royal property will automatically fall in hands of Dhritarashtra.Krishna, as he is, still calm and peaceful, doesn't reply. He tries to shift the conversation, but when Duryodhana is adamant, he backlashes another dreadful answer. He doesn't question Duryodhana’s lineage, instead his father's Dhritarashtra’s lineage.He presents his counter argument that Dhritarashtra’s father, Vichitriveerya was ill, and eventually died without any son or heir. In such condition, Duryodhana’s father Dhritarashtra was born of Vyasa, hence Dhritarashtra is also not the rightful heir of the royalty. So by what logic is Duryodhana enjoying this royalty, which doesn't belong to his father?—In this manner, Krishna leaves Duryodhana speechless and defenseless. Hence, Yudhishthira was the rightful heir to the Throne of Hastinapur.	It always follows that the Emperor’s son succeeds the throne, and it was Pandu who was officially crowned as the emperor. Therefore, Yudhishthira was the natural heir to the throne. It was the valour of Pandu that expanded the throne of Hastinapura.Owing to his blindness, Dhritarashta was never formally crowned, though he was elder to Pandu. Due to Pandu’s demise, Dhritarashtra assumed the throne as a nominal caretaker (even at this stage he was not officially crowned), and it was generally understood that he would continue only until Pandu’s son was of age. It was Vidura’s political acumen that really kept the kingdom smoothly functioning.Secondly, Yudhishthira was the eldest among the cousins. When Gandhari heard that Kunti begot children even before she could, she got jealous of Kunti and in a fit of fury had her own foetus aborted. This foetus, according to the epic, was somehow preserved in vitro, from which were born the 100 sons of Dhritarashtra, including Duryodhana.	
As we know that Yuyutsu was only one of Dhiratarashtra s sons who was alive but he did not become a king after the war in the Mahabharata Why	Which kingdom could he rule? Kauravas lost everything and as there were only 11 survivors at the end, most of them are Pandavas. So, all kingdoms that participated in the war became Pandavas’ territory.Yuyutsu had to wage war against Pandavas if he wanted to become a king and rule a kingdom. He was clever enough to not do that. So, he contented to be a mere member of extended Royal family.That loyalty only made him the supervisor of the empire after Parikshit was named King (like Bhishma was to Pandu and Dhridrashtra).	Yuyutsu was not belongs to Kshatriya, because he was the son of Dhritarastra from a Vaishya maid during Gandhari's pregnancy. So Yuyutsu consider as Vaishya, and a Vaishya cannot be a king.Edit as per Vinu K. I am agree with him. Yudhisthir made Yuyutsu as chief advider of Parikshit after Pandavas Swargarohan..	
How can I get and download all the episodes of old Ramayan and Mahabharata in good quality	All the episodes of ramayana is available on Youtube.Simply type “Ramanand Sagar’s Ramayana”.All episodes are in the playlist.Link:Ramanand Sagar RAMAYAN Full episodes: Ramanand Sagar RAMAYAN Full episodes - YouTubeEpisodes of mahabharata is available on Hotstar.Greetings!	You can get all the episodes of old Ramayana and Mahabharata from YouTube in good quality. You can watch all the episodes there. YouTube will provide older versions of both the epics.	You can get all episodes of old Ramayana and Mahabharata on YouTube,the quality of video will be average.To download it from you tube,you need any youtube downloder app. In anriod mobile you can download it by means of some browsers like snaptube,vidmate etc.	
Why wasnt Surya able to protect Karna from being killed by Arjun	No one can change the destiny of a person,….destiny rules over every one and dictates the course of life. But rarely Supreme God will interfere and change the destiny,if it benefits the creation. Sadashiv did So when he protected Markandeya from Yama and blessed him full fledged life..Otherwise every one is bound by the call of destiny.Krishna did not avert the destruction of Yadavas. He allowed the curse to effect.Similarly Surya can wish Karna well but can not protect him from his death.When Karna and Arjuna are commencing their final battle,all the gods assembled in the sky to witness the battle. Surya and Indra wished victory for their sons.Then Indra approached Brahma and Siva and reguested them to let Arjun win the war.,When Karna and Dhananjaya were about to engage themselves in battle, the gods and the asuras adopted opposite sides.The three worlds with the celestial rishis and all the gods and all other creatures, trembled at the sight.The gods were on the side of Partha, while the asuras were on that of Karna.Brahma said..and Siva Agreed.The victory of Vijaya is certain,of that Savyasaci who gratified Agni in the forest of Khandava and who, coming to heaven, rendered assistance to You,His victory is certain.Karna is on the side of the Danavas. It is proper, therefore, that he should meet with defeat.Phalguna, again, is devoted to truth and to morality.He must always be victorious, without doubt.He by whom Siva was gratified, why should not he, be victorious,--he, , who has for the driver of his car that Lord of the universe, Vishnu himself?Possessed of great energy of mind and great strength, Partha is a hero, accomplished in arms and endued with ascetic merit. Possessed also of great energy of body, he bears the entire science of weapons. Point to be noted here Brahma says Arjuna holds entire science of archery.Indeed, Partha has every accomplishment. He ought to be victorious, since that would accomplish the purposes of the gods.In consequence of his greatness, Partha transgresses destiny itself, whether favourable or unfavourable, and when he does so, a great destruction of creatures takes place.When the two Krishnas are excited with wrath, they show regard for nothing. The power of Arjuna and Krishna is stressed here.Brahma further saidna vidyate vyavasthAnaM kRRiShNayoH kruddhayoH kvachit |sraShTArau hyasatashchobhau satashcha puruSharShabhau || 53||naranArAyaNAvetau purANAvRRiShisattamau |aniyattau niyantArAvabhItau sma parantapau || 54||These two are Nara and Narayana, the two ancient and best of Rishis.There is none to rule over them. They are rulers over all, perfectly fearless, they are scorchers of all foes.In heaven or among human beings, there is none equal to either of them.The three worlds with the celestial Rishis and the Charanas are behind these two. All the gods and all creatures walk behind them.The entire universe exists in consequence of the power of these two(. Nar Narayan fought with Asuras in support of Indra ,at the time of his coronation.)Let Karna, obtain these foremost of regions of bliss here.( after his death)Let him obtain identity with the Vasus or the Maruts. Let him, with Drona and Bhishma, be worshipped in heaven,Let the victory, however, belong to the two Krishnas."UltimatelyThe victory of Arjuna happened because of destiny and God will ..In addition,his power of austerities,fortitude,dharma and his superior skills contributed to his victory.The purpose for which Karna was born got completed. So his death happenedSurya can wish Karna victory but he can not protect him And that is the way fate and destiny functions.Foot NotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Karn parv ch. 63Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Karna Parv Sec. 87Unabridged Sanskrit versions of Mahabharata Karna Parv.	The Shortest answer is - Karma.In Ramayana, Vali was killed by Sugriva(Rama helped him in that). Here, Vali was son of Indra(king of demi God's) and Sugriva was son Surya(Sun God). So Son of Surya god killed Son of Indra.To balance the Karma, in Mahabharata son of Indra(Arjuna) killed son of Surya(Karna) with help on Krishna. This balanced the Karma of what you seed is what you get.Secondly, Karna's past life Karma also was reason of he not destined to get a normal life as well as death.Hari OM…Regards.	Everything start from the cursing in Hindu epics. Surya’s son Karna was helpless since his behavior that his good heart and gifted free of cost and has the quality of donation whatever has to others, Sri Krishna cheated Karna and helped Arjuna and became responsible as helped and did the offense. Karna was born to Kunti, and Kunti first she was the 1st wife of Surya and then later she became second wife of Pandav King	Karna was an Asur in previous birth. He got boon from Sun and did lots of sins. When Nar-Narayan fought with that Asur he took shelter in Sun but when Nar-Narayan about to take rebirth as Arjuna and Krishna….incidence of Sun’s gift to Kunti happen. Thereby Karna got Moksha when killed by Arjuna (he was Nar from Nar-Narayan in previous birth).From the above story you may get answer why Sun was not able to protect Karna, he is also under cycle of Karma and their destiny.It is not fare to put Karna and Arjuna in same category. Victory of Arjuna describes where there is truth, god, dignity of labour/hardship (purushartha) there is victory. Where there are bad company, greed, adharma, and evil motives there is defeat.Many stories full of wisdom, destiny of karma, discretion of best decisions in different complexities of life and many exciting facts are there in Mahabharata….which must be read if anyone wants victory, intelligence and prosperity in his life. It is a detailed case study of life. In Mahabharata where there is present and past life details, history of innumerable people, animals, hills, forests, the world geography also find smallest details of small ant, sparrow and her eggs saved from ground of Kurkshetra from huge bell of an elephant…it is amazing beyond description.	Good question Surya is Lord of rule and supports decipline in every aspect . Karna was born by boon used by Kunti . So that Karna may be called blessed son of Lord Sun . Again Lord sun is protector god for Dharma that doesn't allow to go beyond . When Lord krishna decided to support Arjun it had no possibility one can be protectedRadhy Krishna	There are two reasons for thatHe never interfere in the process of karma.He knew that If he went for protect Karna in qthe war field he can't protect him because the opponents of Karna are Nar and Narayan.Nara is Un defeatable by any one in 3worlds another side Narayan who is the Supreme God of the world. So he keep silent.	
How would you prove that all the characters in the Mahabharata with the exception of Krishna were righteous and unrighteous at the same time	Interesting question! The reason I like Mahabharat is because of the greyness of the characters. There is a book about it “Shunya Mahabharat (शून्य महाभारत)”. It’s written in Marathi; unfortunately, I’m not aware of any English translation. But I’ll try to write an abstract of this book.The book starts with the scene of Duryodhan and Arjun who went to Krishn asking for the help in the war that was going to happen. Duryodhan has arrived first, but Krishn sees Arjun first when he wakes up. Krishn asks Duryodhan he can either have his Narayani Sena or have him. If he chooses to have him he won’t fight in the war.1. Unlike in the Mahabharat, this time, Duryodhan chooses Krishna instead of his Narayani sena. On this Arjun becomes very sad.Arjuna says to Krishna, “How can you choose the side of Adharma? You’re a god, how can you be on the other side of Dharma (righteousness)” Krishn Replies, “Dharm takes no side. If I’m on the other side, and you are true follower of Dharm, you will certainly gain victory.”Seeing that Krishn has made the decision, Arjuna leaves. Krishn turns towards the Duryodhan and asks him, “You know I’m close to Pandavas. You still chose me to be on your side. I’ll be on your side, but I may still choose to help Pandavas.”Duryodhan replies, “You say you’re a righteous being. You’re avatar of Narayan. If you help Pandavas, being on side of Kauravas, the world will see your true side. They’ll see that you’re no righteous being. I’ll consider that as my victory.”Duryodhan continues, “If I lose this war, the world will see that we were not right. But the world will see you in dark light as well. They will not consider you as a righteous one. But on the other hand, if we win, they’ll consider Kauravas to be the righteous one. People sing songs of winners”2. DraupadiOn hearing the news of Krishn taking the side of Kauravas, Draupadi decides to pay a visit to Krishna.Draupadi cries, “Krishna, how can you take a side of those vicious Kauravas. How can you take the side of Adharm”. Krishna calmly replies, “Krishne, I’m param-aatma. Even I don’t understand dharm. How can you claim to know which side is of Dharm?”On seeing Draupadi confused, Krishna says, “Can I ask you one question? Tell me if you think you’re on the side of Dharm, answer me this. If Arjuna has won you in the Swayamvar, how can you be allowed to marry the rest of the brothers”.Draupadi defends, “Rishi Vyas has told us, because of my purva janm sanskar, I had to marry all the brothers.”Krishna cross questions, “You’re born from the fire. How can you have previous birth?“When Dyut was going on, how can Yudhisthir put you as a stake, when he had lost himself. How can he own you, if doesn’t own himself? Vyas Muni has wronged you. Pandavas have wronged you.”.Drupadi keeps quiet for a moment and then after few times revolts, “Even though Pandavas have done wrong in the past. They are rightful owners of the Kingdom”.Krishna says, “How can you say they own the kingdom. If animals who are large in the count and staying here since before the humans don’t claim to have right on the earth. How can Pandavas or Kauravas claim the right on the earth? You people want your Kingdom so you decide to sacrifice those thousands of warriors. Is that the right thing to do? Common people don’t care who is the King. They continue living the life. Their life keeps unaffected by whoever sits in the throne”Draupadi becomes speechless and leaves Krishna’s abode.3. BhishmNow, it’s Bhishma’s time to visit the Krishn.Bhishma: “I’m not sure whether to be glad or be sad that you’ve joined us. I’m surprised that you’ve our side even though the Pandavas are the righteous one”.Krishna: “You say that the opposite side is the right one, then why are you fighting for the wrong side.”Bhishma: “I’m bound to the Kingdom. I’ve to follow Kauravas”Krishna: “If you think Pandavas are the rightful heir of the throne, then you should certainly be on Pandavas side.”Bhishma gets baffled by this question. He tries to reason with Krishna, “The real reason I’m on Kauravas side is that I’m destined to be killed by Shikhandi. If I’m on same side as Shikhandi he can never kill me.”Krishna: “If you are really destined to get killed by Shikhandi, you will get killed by him, irrespective of whether this war happens or not”Bhishma becomes speechless. Krishna continues, “You say that you have followed Dharm your entire life. But when you won Amba, Ambika, and Ambalika by fighting the war. As per the Dharma, you were destined to be their husband. How can you give them to Vichitravirya? However someone tries to follow the Dharm, he is bound to make sins. So it is pointless to claim that someone has truly followed the Dharma”This way everybody comes to Krishn and tries to convince him how he has made the wrong decision and is being on the side of adharma. But Krishna defends every person saying that nobody is perfect. Everybody has made some mistakes. Everybody thinks they’re on the side of the right. But people forget their own bad deeds.Disclaimer: Apologies for the sloppy translation. I can surely say I’ve not given the right justice to the original content. Book contains more such examples, and I’ve not tried to cover all. Also, there might be many logical fallacies in the above excerpts as well as in the original book. But it’s surely a good and different perspective.	Uppili Srigiri's answer to What is one thing that you find common for all the characters in the Mahabharata?Here, I tried to make out some dark natures of positive and brighter natures of negative characters (well, they are popular as such).I'll add some more now. Sakuni was having a brighter side. He wasn't doing anything wrong, he was just fulfilling the purpose of his life. It is said that in a military campaign byBhishma, Gandhara came under attack from Hastinapur. Hastinapur conquered Gandhar, killed the king Achala Suvala, and imprisoned all the male members of his line, saying that line was full of adharma. This included Shakuni and his 100 brothers. Since all of them were sparsely fed (with one grain of rice each per day) in the prison, the family decided that at least one of them could survive and gave all the rice to Shakuni, the most cunning of them all, so that he could live on to take revenge. Eventually, King Subala, hits Shakuni with his stick to make Shakuni limp forever, to serve as a reminder of the injustice to his family. Considered a man of dharma, his family is allowed to live. He swore to avenge this insult by slowly destroying Bhishma's clan. He achieved this by poisoning the mind of his volatile nephew Duryodhana into instigating the war with the Pandavas, which destroyed the Kuru line.Dritarastra was not only physically blind, but also blind with love for his sons,he didn't question their righteousness to disrobe Draupadi. Duryodhana has attempted to kill Pandavas, especially Bhima twice, once by poisoning his food, another time by burning the lac house (Lakka/Laksha Gruha), yet he was silent because of love. After the war, he wanted to kill Bhima and hence asked him to embrace him for a bear hug to strangle him to death! Yet, he was obedient to Bhishma, hence he couldn't deny Yudhistir to become the future king, he couldn't defend when Duryodhana accepted his guilt for poisoning Bhima.Kunti Devi could've stopped the war, if she accepted Karna as her son, but didn't want to accept as he was born in an illegitimate manner. This is why Karna was raised as Sutaputra, son of charioteer Athiratha and Radha. If she had confessed it before, when she first saw Karna, it could have avoided many insults and curses to Karna, which lead to his death. Yet, she was a good wife and a good mother as she loved Madri Sutas, Nakula and Sahadeva equally as her own sons.Every character in Mahabharata has a grey shade, even Sri Krishna! It is because everyone were born Human beings. As they say, “If you haven't done mistakes in life, what have you done in life so far? To err is human! To forgive is divine! To learn from errors and correct yourself is the secret of success!”	
What is your opinion about the Dhritarashtra role in the entire matter	Matter? As in mahabharat?Well for me dhritarashtra was more villanous and smart than Duryodhan. He had the shield.of bheeshma and attack of drona with ashwathhama and karna helping his sons. He also used his blindness as an excuse and hid behind all the powerful people around him in order to save his throne. He was envious of Pandu and his sons but knew he couldnt do anything. So when his children were doing adharma he did not stop them but gave the reason “love for children”. Duryodhans mad streak for throne and his jealousy stems from his father.But he was a brilliant man. He used Bhishma, Drona, Kripa, Ashwtthama, Karna and their loyalties as he knew they were tied to the Hastinapur crown. Pandavas loved him and wouldnt mind if he ruled even after the war. He loved the throne blindly not his children.	
Who was the cleverest among the Pandavas 1	I measure intelligence differently.For me the man is clever when huge calamity comes forward and he keeps his cool.Yudhistira is the cleverest in Pandavas.He is humble, generous and forgiving.He knew when he lost everything in dice game, and Draupadi is being insulted, his brothers patience is at an edge. If he said one gesture with his eyes, they would hack down Kauravas to pieces immediately. But he knew better. He kept quiet and all blame was left on Kaurava side.When he found his 4 brothers lifeless near the pond, he never argued or angered. He simply answered the questions and waited the result.He knew if war would happen he would win, but the after effects would be terrible. He is not ready to take blood shed. He sent Krishna with request for 5 villages as option to peace.When he learned that Karna was his elder brother, he wished to have him so that he can subjugate even Krishna himself.Only Yudhistira was not blamed for anything by parents of Kauravas anyday anytime. Both Dhritarastra and Gandhari blessed him after the war.While working as a servant in Virat, he never lost his cool and suggested properly to defeat susharma in battle.This man is well known to conjugate Time and Morality.	The dictionary defines cleverness as a quality of shrewdness, skillfulness, a clever person as being someone quick to learn or master new skills, or someone superficially proficient. Going by this definition, three names come to mind: Yudhishthira, Arjuna and Sahadeva.Sahadeva was clever, yes. To be the disciple of Brihaspati himself, he would have needed to be. He was well versed in a variety of subjects including, but not limited to, astrology, medicines, herb lore, bovine care, judicial law etc. He was also a good swordsman like his twin. Despite being the youngest, he was very wise and farsighted. It’s a pity Vyasa didn’t expend much ink on him, because I find him very fascinating.Then there’s Arjuna.Arjuna was a quick study; he not only had a thirst to learn new skills, but mastered them to the extent of surpassing his teachers, even.He could also read situations and people better than most. He knew, for example, that Duryodhana was trying to isolate Yudhishthira and break their unity during the DyutSabha, so he stopped and tried to calm down an enraged Bhima when he wanted to burn Yudhishthira’s hands!He could understand people and their motives, as well as arrive at the root of the problem and address that. For example, after he comes back to Indraprastha from his exile with Subhadra, he understood that Draupadi’s anger was due to her feelings of insecurity rather than any jealousy of his new wife, so he solved that by sending Subhadra to her dressed as a gopi, making it clear to Draupadi that she would always be superior to everyone in terms of rank as well as his affection.He was the great warrior he was because of his ability to read situations, determine the strengths and weaknesses of the foe, read the astras shot by the foes quickly and nullify them, and decide what weapon to use in which situation. When you have nearly all the powerful celestial weapons in existence it takes a cool and sharp mind to determine what to use when.The very fact that he was the repository of the entire Dhanurved and nearly all the celestial and divine weapons, with full knowledge of their usage and the ability to deploy, recall and re-deploy them as and when needed. What use is this knowledge if you cannot recall the correct mantra at the time when you need it! So Arjuna indeed was brilliant to be able to store away all that knowledge safely.Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Arjuna might not have heard this wonderful proverb but he was well aware of it. He never let his status as the foremost warrior of his era, his exhaustive knowledge of weapons and warfare, and his glorious and otherworldly feats get to his head. He was knowledgeable enough to know that therein lay destruction of all things good.Finally, we come to Yudhishthira.Yudhishthira was a highly learned man. Not only did he know all there was to learn about dharma, scriptures and political science, he knew many languages also.He was a very skillful charioteer and an expert at fighting with the spear. He almost killed Duryodhana once, and Bhima had to remind him of his oath. So he mightn’t have been a fighter of the caliber of Arjuna or Bhima, but he was not exactly a pushover either.All the vyuhas for the Pandava forces during the war were designed and decided by him. So he had a lot of knowledge about warfare.His answering of the questions posed by Yaksha prove his philosophical superiority and deep thinking. His presence of mind and answering of Nahusha in serpent form again show his mastery over dharma and scriptural knowledge.Yudhishthira was the eldest pandava. Compared to Bhima and Arjuna, he was neither as strong physically nor as good a warrior. Yet he knew the strengths and weaknesses of each of his brothers and knew exactly where to use which one and how.He was an astute reader of people and situations. He instinctively knew they were essentially being shunted out of Hastinapur when Dhritarashtra tried to tempt them with singing praises of the town of Varanavat. He knew Duryodhana was going to solidify his position in their absence, but he also knew they could do nothing but comply because they had no support at all.He knew the invitation to play dice was a conspiracy. But his folly was in trusting the elders wouldn’t let Duryodhana do anything bad overtly. He didn’t realize that while he was ruling in Indraprastha, the power wielded by the elders had been virtually wiped out and that wielded by Duryodhana and his coterie had increased exponentially.He was a very shrewd man. He had grown up watching the powerful Bhima protecting the family. But Bhima was also an aggressive person from childhood who didn’t often differentiate between bullying and rough play. Even in adulthood, there was no stopping Bhima once he got angry enough. Yudhishthira knew such a person wouldn’t be ordered about and understood that keeping Bhima happy and under his control was very important for their survival and future prospects. So he never tried to order Bhima around like the rest of his brothers, but made him understand that he was his favorite to make him happy. He never tried to curb his aggression unless he knew it would land them in huge trouble. He never disparaged Bhima or downplayed his achievements, instead made sure to let everyone know that Bhima was his favorite. This indirect flattery kept Bhima happy and subservient to Yudhishthira where a direct order might not have had the desired effect. He didn’t need to employ such caution with Arjuna because the latter was neither aggressive nor temperamental, and was always obedient to Yudhishthira. So Yudhishthira was a master manipulator who knew his brothers well.He knew when he was going to be questioned or criticized for his questionable decisions, so emotionally blackmailed his family before anyone could point fingers at him. When Bhima got angry at him during exile for his frittering away their kingdom, he became ‘repentant’. When Arjuna got angry at him on the 17th day of war, he became contrite and wanted to renounce everything in favor of Bhima. Arjuna had to apologize profusely and then he magnanimously ‘forgave’ him. Once their entire family was wiped out after the war because of his choice of forcing a cornered Duryodhana to fight, and then his not letting Bhima finish him off, thus leading to him making Ashvatthama his general and the latter’s subsequent wiping out of all the Panchalas and their own sons, he is ready to retire to the woods and has to be ‘persuaded’ to enjoy the hard won kingdom. During their year of living incognito, once he tells Draupadi to essentially bear the humiliating attentions of Keechak and she complains to Bhima about him, even Bhima knows how Yudhishthira would react to her complaints against him, although all valid: by deciding to give up his life! So Yudhishthira had pretty much cornered the market on emotional blackmail and used it to keep his family in check and under his control. That does take quite a bit of cleverness.While going to the mountains during Swargarohana, towards the end of their lives, he blames his family for each of his shortcomings.He blames Sahadeva for being proud of his wisdom, probably because the latter had warned him against playing dice, ignoring which he had landed his entire family in peril and hardships. Quite possible Sahadeva or someone else had blamed him for ignoring this piece of advice, so this was his revenge on his dying brother.He blamed Nakula for being proud of his looks, but forgot how proud he himself was for always following dharma with detachment.All his prosperity, his kingdom, his victory in war, his triumphs and conquests, all were due to Arjuna, the man who had never aspired to anything for himself but had offered everything he owned to his eldest, including the lives of his three sons. He rewarded that dying brother with the last words that he was too proud of his skill. Arjuna’s factual statement about how quickly he could finish the war if fighting with his full celestial arsenal he took to be a boast.During their early years following the death of Pandu right up to the swayamvara of Draupadi, the only reason they survived was Bhima. He took care of every calamity that befell them, be it the murderous plots of Duryodhana or the terrible rakshasas they encountered while wandering through the forests. Kunti also realized this, probably, and to keep Bhima fighting fit gave the majority of their meagre rations to Bhima. Yudhishthira probably resented that secretly and blamed his ‘favorite’ Bhima of being a glutton while he lay dying.His best salvo though, had already been fired first, at his wife. The woman who bore abject humiliation because of his stupidity, who was molested again and again because of his perceived weakness in failing to protect his wife, who walked beside him for no fault of hers as he went on extensive pilgrimages to do penance for his sins, who always gave him the highest precedence among her five husbands, who always served him to the best of her abilities and yet was never protected by him when she needed it, that woman he blamed for loving Arjuna more! Never mind that throughout life he proclaimed Bhima to be his favorite brother, never mind that he himself was responsible for every calamity or grief that ever befell her, he blamed her for not loving him as much as she loved Arjuna.All this takes a lot of cleverness, shrewdness and manipulation to pull off, so that even after everything people still call you dharmaraja. So Yudhishthira was indeed a very clever man.So I leave the rest for you to decide. Who, indeed, was the cleverest Pandava? The one who toiled throughout his life for someone else, or the one who knew just how to use others to get what he wanted, again and again!	Of course, sahadev.One example is here.When yudishtra want krishna to speak to kaurava for peace offering, he asked every pandavas suggestion.Yudhistar want peaceArjun want warBHEEM want massacreNakul want bothBut Clever Sahadev krishna, he will only say his opinion or leave krishna to demonstrate his plans only if he promise that he all five pandavas will be alive after the war.Krisha himself, told You are the only one out of five who realised and got brain to umderstand the result and impact of war.	Clever in terms of what?If you're talking about politics, then Yudhishtir was more skilled. But he had the habit of giving in to enemies' traps despite knowing them.In terms of wisdom, Sahdeva prevailed over the others even his dharmic eldest brother Yudhishtir.But in terms of sheer thirst for knowledge, self improvement and war strategy, it was Arjuna who was the best. Arjuna is also supposed to Arthashastraviradah I.e. proficient in Arthashastraviradah. From his questions in the Geeta, it is evident that he had advanced spiritual knowledge. After all you need to ask the right questions to get the right answers.Bheema had the ability to think on his feet, though he was always more of a man of action.Nakula was knowledgeable in the field of horse care AFAIK.	Whatever little I know about Mahabharat, Bheem was cleverest among the Pandavas.Once when Lord Shri Krishna told Ydhishtir to give all his(Yudhishtir’s) sins to Shri Krishn, Yudhistir agreed at once but immediately Bheem stopped him saying that Krishn is god himself, and whenever anyone on the planet offers something to god it comes back 100 fold times. So he prevented Yudhishtir from making a big blunder.There are many more incidences when Bheem has shown street smartness and saved Pandavas.	EXPLANAITION‘Mahabharata is an Itihas’ is written in such away that it remains valid through the ages or yugas.It resembles to every persons story and their ways of life till this day.ANSWER TO YOUR QUESTION ISYou are the cleverest; You see the quality of cleverness in any of the person in Mahabharata (not only Pandavas ) depending upon your way of life (mental state, education, age etc).If you see Arjuna as cleverest then he is !If you see as Yudhisthira as cleverest than he is !Or may be Karana (the first Pandava).Thank you.P.S. - It is just your representation of cleverness in whom you want to see.	
In Mahabharata what was Yadus curse given by Yayati	Yayati was was the king of Pauravas and an ancestor of the Pandavas. He married Devayani , the daughter of Shukracharya. He took Sharmishta as his mistress which did not go down well with Shukracharya who cursed him to turn old during his prime age. Later , Shukracharya relents and tells him that the curse could not be revoked but that one of his sons could take this curse in his place. Yayati requests each of his sons including Yadu and Puru to do so. Yadu refueses which enrages Yayati and he curses Yadu’s descendents that none of them would actually have a command of the land currently under his rule in the future. Puru took on the curse willingly and so he was made the king after Yayati.	
Who are the Nagas in the Mahabharata	In the Mahabarat , the Nagas are a clan of demigods who can transform into snakes at their will. Vasuki is said to be the king of the Nagas. They are first introduced in the story when Bhim as child , was poisoned by the Kauravas and thrown in a river. He was rescued by the Nagas and was also given a potion to drink which gave him the strength of 8000 elephants. Later in the story , Arjuna marries the Naga princess Uloopi. The Nagas appear once again in the story during the burning of the Kandava Van which Arjuna does as a promise to Agni Deva. A Naga named Takshak seeks refugee with Lord Krishna during that time. Later on in the story , Pareekshit ( the grandson of Arjuna and the son of Abhimnayyu) dies of a snake bite from Takshak because of a curse. Enraged , his son Janmejaya performs a yagna to kill all the Nagas. This led to widespread panic in all the 3 worlds. He was pacified when a sage called Astika who had both human and Naga blood spoke to both the clans. It was then deemed that the Nagas and the descendents of Manu lived in peace with each other.	
Why doesnt the Yadavs in Mahabharata look like the Naga people	Naga People???? Who are Naga people??? Where did you get this conceptions of Nagas????Please don't read some fictional stories and try to mix up the scriptures with it. If you have enough time please buy some bonafide Scriptures and read properly. Don't torcher yourself with wrong fictional stories and novels. Become intelligent and come up with proper, informed and researched stuffs.Nagas are also a valid group of sentient beings which coexisted in this world but their place of residence is beyond our reach. They had siddhis and were powerful in comparison to Humans. They have a different world for residence called as Naga Lok. There used to be some portals to come and go from there world to our's. Only few used to traverse those paths, some by chance and some by acquiring some siddhis. Like there is some instance mentioned in Mahabharat - Bhima was poisoned and thrown into Ganga by Duryodhan, so while being drowned he was taken to Nagalok by the guards of Nagalok. There is another instance when Arjuna Travelled to NagaLok and married the Naga princess Ullupi. And many more instance of intermingling and marriage between both races. But it was done in a different way(not as current lifestyle).	Though, exact physical differences hasn’t been mentioned much, it is obvious that Nagas and Yadavas belong to two separate races. Plus, in India, the people living on Himalayas will have their eye area smaller compared to those near the equator. This physical difference arises out of body’s necessity to conserve heat. Similarly, different geography and different race makes would make their appearance different.	Yadavas originated from Yadu, son of king Yayati and Devayani, daughter of guru Shukracharya. So Yadavas descend from one of the oldest dynasties of Bharat varsha.Nagas were indigenous people of the land, not snakes as misrepresented in many books.	
What was the time of the Mahabharata	Prehistoric. Age indeterminable with reasonable accuracy. Absolutely no consensus.	3360 bc	
What was Arjuna doing when his son Abhimanyu was killed on the previous day	Arjun waa challenged by Samsaptaka forces headed by Trigarta king Susarma and was taken on the farthest end of battlefield where he was busy fighting the suicidal Sandal Samsaptaka forces whose pledge was to kill Arjun or be killed. As he was busy fighting such a fierce force away from the main battle field, Arjun didn't know about formation of Chakravyuh by Drona and Abhimanyu entering it alone. Arjun came to know about it when he returned to the camp in the evening after defeating Samsaptaka forces. Aggrieved and enraged, Arjun took the pledge that he would kill Jayadrath next day before sunset or immolate himself. On the 14th day of battle, Arjun alone annihilated seven Akshouhini of Kaurava army and killed Jayadrath before sunset.	
Who is Satyaki in his previous birth How did he become the brother of Lord Krishna and was almost equal to Arjuna in valor	And he who was Satyaki of sure aim, that upholder of the pride of Vrishni race, that oppressor of foes, begotten of the portion of gods called the Maruts.Yuyudhana, better known as Satyaki , was a powerful warrior belonging to the Vrishni clan of the Yadavas, to which Krishna also belonged. According to the Puranas, he was grandson of Shini of the Vrishni clan, and adopted son of Satyaka, after whom he was named.Satyaki is devoted to Krishna and his best friend Arjuna, with whom he trained under Drona in military arts.	
What is the contribution of Karna towards his kingdom Anga in the Mahabharata Was he a good ruler or not	It’s not really known and difficult to gather from the Mahabharata. For instance, there is no clear indication of how much time had Karna actually spent ruling Anga. From the time he was coronated during the Weapons display episode till the game of dice when the Pandavas lose everything and proceed on an exile, we see him spending extensive time with Duryodhona.In fact, so important a fixture had he become during this intervening period, that we see him empowered (by Duryodhona of course) enough to speak over Bheesma and the other Kuru elders. If one recalls the molestation of Draupadi towards the end of the game of dice when she was demanding justice from the Kuru elders, it was Karna that dismissed Vikarna’s objections (the only Kaurava brother) and effortlessly takes over the proceedings by stating that, Draupadi now belongs to Duryodhona as a slave, to be done as Duryodhona wishes. In his effort to make a case against her, he then proceeds to call her a harlot and asks her to pick up any man from the Kuru men as her husband. Not a single person from Bheesma downwards had the temerity to protest, so important had Karna become as part of the inner clique of Duryodhona, Dushashana and Shakuni. And Karna wasn’t even a part of the Kuru household; he was an outsider. One can surmise that to have so established himself as part of this powerful quartet he must have had to spend a considerable period of time at Hastinapur, requiring him to remain as close to Duryodhona as he could. How much of time would that allow him to administer his own kingdom after this? Well, it’s is anyone’s guess.	He is very good ruler ,he count as one of the great DANI…everyday morning he gave dan to whoever comes to him …he also does rajsui yagya when pandav goes to agyatavas …and he win all other kingdom except Dwarka and Ayodhya becoz of his bhakti and respect towards Shri Krishna and Shri Ram parivar ..and after Karna Yudhishthir gave the Anga Rajya to karna’s son .	It is debatable but Shalya says that the Anga kingdom had a market where women, children and the elderly were sold. Karna doesn't say anything to refute it.	
Did Yudhisthira fight and win on any noteworthy warriors in the Mahabharata War	Yudhisthira is one of the most underrated warriors in Mahabharata. The reason for this are many including Arjuna being the One Man Army of the war for pandavs and Bhima showing his power with mace and bow. But one more reason for he being underrated is the fact that he was polite and dharmic. Everybody has a good image about him therefore they can't think of Yudhisthira being good as warrior.Coming back to his performance as a warrior in mahabharat, I would say it was not bad. He defeated and killed his uncle Shalya, who was considered as a great warrior.He was actually an all-rounder when it comes to warfare. He was unarguably the best spear warrior ever. Along with that he was a talented archerer and a fair sword warrior aswell.He was a GREAT ARCHERER according to KMG translation of mahabharat(I forgot the exact lines).There is a line in which Yudhisthira is described as “great archerer”. He fought and easily defeated Duryodhana in archery fight and spared him for Bhima's vow.He also successfully defended himself against Dronacharya. He countered Dronacharya's brahmastra by invoking Brahmastra. He fought so valiently that Dronacharya left him by putting down kauravs plan of defeating Yudhisthira(king)and there by winning the war against pandavs.Note: It's not like every time Arjun saved Yudhisthira,he sometimes defended himself when it was needed.He made Karna unconscious for sometimes with his mighty arrows once. He was good with sword aswell.Thank you.	Well, Yudhisthir is an interesting case. He is a great warrior and said to be master in fighting with chariots in adi parva that means he was skilled to lead cavalry of charioteers. He is one of the chief makers of vyuha in his team. He is also great with spear. But the problem is he doesn’t have heart of a Kshtriya. He is more like a Brahmin and thus his skill of fighting is not supported by same zeal or thirst of blood.But still he fights in Mahabharata war and has some notable feats to his name:He killed shalya although it was a team play on both sides and krishna had already pumped Yudhishthir by over glorifying shalya and him only one able to kill him. This was done so that he could get some credibility that he also did something great to avenge his wife and also so that we could answer your question on QuoraHe also faced Drona. Although he was no match for his perceptor but still he baffled him and even annoyed him that he started attacking soldiers.http://www.sacred-texts.com/hin/...Duryodhana was his favorite when it came to beating. He won most archery duels with Duryodhana to the point of killing him. At one point he tore his armor and was going to kill him but Bhima reminded him of his oath and shouted from distance not to kill him.Fought bravely with Karna and even made him unconscious for a while. As per Gita press he did not attack further because he was unconscious. I am not sure whether BORI has kept this part or not. However, I want to clarify that karna again stood up and defeated him. But still seeing yudhishthir capability it was still a good feat as he was no match for karna overall.Karna Parva: Section 49Overall, he killed Shalya and that is only big name in his list. As far as Duryodhana is concerned he would have been added to list of many warriors who came close to killing him had Bhima oath not came in between. In case of Karna he resisted him and it was good performance but he was no match for him. Others like Drona and Bhishma were above his league. But yes, if he was able to hold on against Drona on two occasions for some time that meant he was not as bad as people think he was. He was not upto level of his other brothers like Arjuna and Bhima but he knew how to wield a bow.Source Internet Sacred Text Archive Home KMG translation.	Yudhishtir killed Shalya (Nakul and Sahadev's uncle).Shalya was a skilled warrior, with 2 Akshauhini army at the start of Mahabharata.Shalya was skilled at spear warfare and the foremost of all chariot warriors after Krishna.Shalya could only be killed by someone who didn't get angry while fighting.Yudhishtir killed Shalya with a spear throw.Shalya is one of the examples that you shouldn’t give away promises freely.	One day out of 18 days war Yudhishtira won over Duryodhana in archery (bow and arrows) war.	Yudhishtir was an okay warrior. Though not as good as his brothers, he could still hold his own. But he was always a better politician than a warrior. He did kill Shalya, who was one of the formidable warriors of their time. He prevailed over Duryodhan once but I'm not sure about that.	
What is the name of washerman in epic Ramayana	There is no washerman in the original, Valmiki Ramayana. It is a later invention or improvisation by some poets in their derived versions of Ramayana!In the Uttarakaanda of Valmiki Ramayana, Rama asks his friend, Bhadra, as to what people were speaking about himself, his brothers, and about Sita. Bhadra hesitates and is frightful to give a straight account of the reality; Rama, however, goads him to speak up without fear.Bhadra says:राघवेणैवमुक्तस्तु भद्रः सुरुचिरं वचः | प्रत्युवाच महाबाहुं प्राञ्जलिः सुसमाहितः ||Having thus told by Rama, Bhadra, pacified, replied to him in sweet sounding (!?) words, with folded hands.शृणु राजन्यथा पौराः कथयन्ति शुभाशुभम् | चत्वरापणरथ्यासु वनेषूपवनेषु च ||Listen, King, to the good and bad words spoken by the the citizens at road junctures, markets, highways, public parks and forests.दुष्करं कृतवान्रामः समुद्रे सेतुबन्धनम् | अकृतं पूर्वकैः कैश्चिद्देवैरपि सदानवैः ||(The citizens say,) )“Rama has indeed accomplished a very difficult task by building the bridge across the sea; even the gods, demons or anyone in the past could not accomplish such a feat.रावणश्च दुराधर्षो हतः सबलवाहनः | वानराश्च वशं नीता ऋष्काश्च सह राक्षसैः ||“Even the invincible Ravana,along with his armies and war-chariots, was killed (by Rama) ; he has also won over the monkeys, bears and rakshasa-s to his side.हत्वा च रावणं युद्धे सीतामाहृत्य राघवः | अमर्षं पृष्ठतः कृत्वा स्ववेश्म पुनरानयत् ||“Having killed Ravana, having regained Sita, leaving behind any vexation, he has brought her back to his palace.कीदृशं हृदये तस्य सीतासम्भोगजं सुखम् | अङ्कमारोप्य हि पुरा रावणेन बलाद्धृताम् ||“How come he has in his heart the desire for the pleasure of commingling with Sita, who was forcibly carried away by Ravana on his laps?!लङ्कामपि पुनर्नीतामशोकवनिकां गताम् | रक्षसां वशमापन्नां कथं रामो न कुत्सते ||“How come Rama doesn’t resent her, who was carried away to Lanka, who was kept in the Ashokavana, and who was under the control of the rakshasa-s?अस्माकमपि दारेषु सहनीयं भविष्यति | यथा हि कुरुते राजा प्रजा तमनुवर्तते || १९“We also, in the future, will have to tolerate the same about our wives, for, whatever the king does, the subjects follow the same!!”So, there was simply no washerman upon whose words alone Rama relied.Instead, these were the kind of gossips widespread among we, the commoners, about those pure, immaculate souls between whom there wasn’t any trace of doubt about each other. It was we, the commoners, who caused the rift between such a loving, inseparable couple, through our own dirty minds.Rama knew that by killing Ravana, the menace of all the three worlds, he had accomplished something flabbergastingly superhuman, and would attain immortal fame, which would be spoken of and sung by people for millennia to come. He knew that he would be the hero of countless generations. He knew that all his actions would be engraved in history, and that if people were talking about him behind his back in such a disgusting way during his own times, it would only snowball and continue all through the millennia.In these words of the people, and their consequent attitudes and behaviour, there lay the potential danger of people (both men and women) not hesitating to use, twist and extrapolate Rama’s acceptance of Sita out of context to suit and justify their own whims and proclivities. Rama was acutely sensitive to the subtleties and the far reaching consequences his actions held in this matter, and was fully aware if his responsibilities as an emperor, and as a man of several millenia. Giving up the throne would no better mitigate the looming, threatening consequences on the moral discourse of succeeding generations, than living with her.Fate, in the forms of Dasharatha-Manthara-Kaikeyi, villains like Mandodari-Ravana, Rama’s own superhuman heroic deeds, his life that even surpassed the definition of extraordinary, the burden of his undying and everlasting fame with assured potential for deified cult following, his moral responsibility as an emperor with unshakable conviction in his dharma, and the twisted psyche or weaknesses of the masses, collectively took its cruel toll and viciously poisoned the matrimonial life of Rama and Sita. He was forced to give her up.Rama knew that Sita was taintless; Sita knew that he knew. Sita understood why he was giving her up, Rama knew that she understood why, and she knew that he knew. They were one in their hearts, After causing them to be separate, we, the commoners, are now blaming him again for it too. It gives jitters to think what we would be speaking of them now, had Rama not given up Sita! And with that in mind, we must also say that Rama saved Sita from a perpetual, undeserving dishonour she would have accrued due to twisted slander, had he held on to her as his queen. He also succeeded in diverting blame and attention onto himself in that effort!The same fate, under slightly different circumstances, befell Roman Emperor, Julius Caesar, and his wife Pompeia, giving rise to the adage, ‘Caesar's wife must be above suspicion’.	The name of washerman was “Sridharudu”.This happened during Treta yuga when Dharma(Justice) was on 3 legs and Adharma (Injustice) was on one leg. Treta yuga(eon) lasted for 1294000 years. Sridharudu questioned maa sita, though she spend her days in Sri lanka when ravana abducted her, can she return pure. Did ravana ever touch her in his kingdom.He is the one that questioned purity of sita maa. Hence to prove her sanctity, Sree ram(Avatar of lord Vishnu) asked her to self-immolate so that not that one man, but entire world knows the purity of sita maa. Sita maa self immolated and came out of fire without a burn on her proving her character purer that the fire itself.But for the person that questioned the purity of sita maa, was cursed eternally becoming disfigured, suffered from unknown disease. The curse was lifted after thousands of years of struggle by lord Krishna(9th avatar of lord Vishnu) during Dwapara yuga that lasted for 864000 years.This eon is kali yuga. The age of this eon is 432000 years. The is halved eon after eon as the adharma (Injustice) uprises. In this eon, Injustice dominated the world. Injustice walks on 3 foots while justice walks on one foot.Thank you.	
Who was the better warrior Satyaki or Ashwathama	Both are great warriors but I will edge to satyaki because he defeated both Ashwthama and Drona combined. He also defeated karna even when karna was assisted with so many warriors. In comparison to Ashwathama Satyaki had low arsenal of divine weapons but both were students of Drona. Ashwathama had Brahmshira and many devastating weapons and thus he was more dangerous but Satyaki was warrior at heart.When Bhishma praises Ashwathama greatness he talks of his one great weakness which was he feared for his life very much. Yes, Ashwathama though showed great stunts like stopping Gatotkach and saving karna many times at different occasions but he was also scared of his life. Even though he is said to be immortal and blessed with so many weapons.Satyaki on other hand is bold and fire brand. He is daredevil and truth is his valor. There are mentions of his bravery and his valor that he is compared to Krishna and Arjuna at many occasions. There is one line in Mahabharat where it is given it seemed in Mahabharat war there were only three archers Arjuna, Satyaki and krishna. This is no small feat of getting that mention.Satyaki victory list is very long and very impressive in Mahabharat war. He makes Dhritrasthtra say whether there exists any warrior in his camp who could beat Satykai. However thanks to boon to Bhurishrava there appears a man who did that.Now, let us see what happened when Ashwthama faced Satyaki.1)Satyaki attacked Ashwathama so badly that Drona had to come to save him.That slayer of hostile heroes, viz., the grandson of Sini, freed from that arrowy shower like the Sun from the clouds, began to scorch the son of Drona (with his energy). Swelling with rage the mighty Satyaki once more covered his foe with a thousand arrows and uttered a loud shout. Beholding his son then thus afflicted like the Moon by Rahu, the valiant son of Bharadwaja rushed towards the grandson of Sini. Desirous, O king, of rescuing, his son who was afflicted by the Vrishni hero, Drona, in that great battle, pierced the latter with a shaft of exceeding sharpness. Satyaki then, abandoning the mighty car-warrior Aswatthaman, pierced Drona himself in that battle with twenty arrows of exceeding sharpnessBhishma Parva: Bhagavat-Gita Parva: Section CII2) Satyaki made Ashwathama unconscious for a while and hurt him badly. He made him carless and forced him to returnSatyaki then cut into fragments the gold-decked car of this foe together with its steeds. And then he deeply pierced Aswatthaman in the chest with thirty arrows in that battle. Thus afflicted, O king, (by Satyaki), and shrouded with arrows, the mighty Aswatthaman knew not what to do. When the preceptor's son had fallen into that plight, thy son, that car-warrior, accompanied by Kripa and Karna and others began to cover the Satwata hero with arrows. All of them began quickly to pierce Satyaki from every side with keen shafts, Duryodhana pierced him with twenty, Saradwat's son, Kripa, with three. And Kritavarman pierced him with ten, and Karna with fifty. And Duhsasana pierced him with a hundred arrows, and Vrishasena with seven. Satyaki, however, O king, soon made all those great car-warriors fly away from the field, deprived of their cars. Meanwhile, Aswatthaman, O bull of Bharata's race, recovering consciousness, and sighing repeatedly in sorrow, began to think of what he should do. Riding then upon another car, that scorcher of foes, viz., the son of Drona, began to resist Satyaki, shooting hundreds of arrows. Beholding Aswatthaman once more approaching him in battle, the mighty car-warrior, Satyaki, once more made him careless and causedhim to turn back.Drona Parva: Drona-vadha Parva: Section CCI3) Don’t just talk of Ashwathama but even his daddy was handled by Satyaki. yes Satyaki defeated Drona and made his soldiers cheerlessThen Drona, O Bharata, sped at Satyaki five arrows. Those fierce arrows, piercing Satyaki's armour, drank his blood in that battle. Thus pierced with those frightful arrows, Satyaki became inflamed with wrath. In return, that hero shot many shafts at him of the golden car. Then felling on the earth with a single shaft, the driver of Drona, he caused next, with his arrows, those driverless steeds of his antagonist to fly away. Thereupon that car was dragged to a distance. Indeed, the bright chariot of Drona, O king, began to trace a thousand circles inthe field of battle like a sun in motion. Then all the kings and princes (of the Kaurava host) made a loud uproar, exclaiming, 'Run, Rush, Seize the steeds of Drona.Drona Parva: Jayadratha-Vadha Parva: Section CXVISourceKMG translation as available on Internet Sacred Text Archive HomeSatyaki Index – Victory, Achievement & Defeat	Satyaki defeated both Ashwathama and Drona at the same time, Satyaki was almost equal to Arjuna in valour but Ashwathama was no less who had many celestial weapons in his arsenal include Brahmashira but unfortunately he did not have the knowledge of withdrawing the weapon. Ashwathama defeated Ghatotkacha whom even Drona and Karna couldn't defeat, it is said Ashwathama was a ansh of Shiva as well but it didn't help him against Arjuna or Satyaki but Ashwathama did manage to rescue Karna from an enraged Arjuna which is no small feat. Ashwathama also fought Arjuna though he lost everytime, but he stood his ground. It's hard especially in Mahabharat to rank a warrior above the other but since Satyaki did defeat Ashwathama I'll have to give the edge to Satyaki.	Let me give my explanation at last. But it is for you to accept or not. Before that see what Bhishma analyses every warrior in the Udhyoga Parva of every warrior of Mahabharata. I have also preovided you the reference link for this . In this Case let us just fous on Ashwathama , Drona and SatyakiAshwathama:"Bhishma said, 'This thy maternal uncle Sakuni is, O king, equal to a single Ratha. Having caused the (present) hostilities (to break out) with the sons of Pandu, he will fight. There is no doubt in this. His troops are irresistible when rushing to battle. Armed with various kinds of weapons in abundance, in speed, they are equal to the very wind. The mighty bowman (Aswatthaman) who is Drona's son surpasseth all bowmen. Acquainted with all modes of warfare, and of unbaffled weapons, he is a Maharatha. Like the wielder of Gandiva, the shafts of this warrior, shot from his bow, proceed in a continuous line, touching one another. If he wishes it, this Maharatha is capable of consuming the three worlds. Engaged in austerities in his hermitage, he hath, by these, increased both his fury and energy. Possessed of great intelligence, he hath been favoured by Drona with (the gift of all) celestial weapons. There is, however, O bull of Bharata's race, one great defect in him, in consequence of which, O best of kings, I do not regard him either as a Ratha or a Maharatha. This regenerate man is exceedingly fond of living, life being very dear to him. Amongst the warriors of both armies there is no one who can be regarded as his peer. On even a single car he can annihilate the very army of the celestials. Possessed of a strong frame, he can split the very mountains by the flaps of his bow-string, striking against the leathern fence on his left arm. Endued with innumerable qualities, this smiter of fierce effulgence will wander (over the field of battle), incapable of being withstood like Yama himself, mace in hand. Resembling the fire at the end of the Yuga as regards his fury, possessed of leonine neck, and endued with great lustre, Aswatthaman will extinguish the embers of this battle between the Bharata's. His father (Drona) is endued with great energy, and though aged, is still superior to many young men. He will achieve great feats in battle. I have no doubt of this. Staying immovably (on the field), he will consume Yudhishthira's troops.Reference : Udyoga Parva: Uluka Dutaygamana Parva: section CLXVIIIAshwathama did not have any special priviledges that Arjun had.He did not have a Gandiva nor a non-stop supply of bows. During that Vana Parva they were all celibates for more than 12 years. And Arjuna got more astras by worhshipping Plenty of Gods and he got the main Pashupatrastra which was the sureme weapon as itAshwathama too was well trained in plenty of Divine Astras like he got Naryanastra From lord Naryana Himself. He had Rudrastra, Agneya Astra which when used by him in full fury Arjuna had to resort to Brahmastra.But satyaki who was a student of Arjuna , was a warrior Prince and an athirathi class of warrior but still holds the edge over Ashwathama as he had the habit of going away if he loses since he's a brahmin though Ashwathama is classified as a maharathi he tends not to show courage and is easily disappointed which warrior class don't do. They fight till they die. Ashwathama has to be fully furious to display his full potential whereas satyaki was fully committed to the cause of PandavasDrona Parva: Drona-vadha Parva: Section CCIcasting of all fears, rushed against the son of Prishata. Rushing at him, O bull among men, that foremost of warriors, with great impetuosity, pierced the Panchala prince with five and twenty small arrows. Then Dhrishtadyumna, O King, pierced Drona's son that resembled a blazing fire, with four and sixty shafts. And he pierced Aswatthaman's driver also with twenty arrows whetted on stone and equipped with wings of gold, and then his four steeds with four sharp arrows. Repeatedly piercing Drona's son, and causing the earth to tremble with his leonine roars. Dhrishtadyumna then seemed to be employed in taking the lives of creatures in the world in dreadful battle. Making death itself his goal, the mighty son of Prishata, O king, accomplished in weapons and endued with sureness of aim, then rushed against Drona's son alone. Of immeasurable soul, that foremost of car-warriors, viz., the prince of Panchala, poured upon Aswatthaman's head a shower of arrows. Then Drona's son, in that battle, covered the angry prince with winged shafts. And once more, he pierced the latter with ten shafts, remembering the slaughter of his father. Then cutting off the standard and bow of the Panchala prince with a couple of well-shot shafts, equipped with heads like razors. Drona's son began to grind his foe with other arrows. In that dreadful battle, Aswatthaman made his antagonist steedless and driverless and carless, and covered his followers also with thick showers of shafts. At this, the Panchala troops, O king, mangled by means of those arrowy showers fled away in fear and great affliction. Beholding the troops turning away from battle and Dhrishtadyumna exceedingly afflicted, the grandson of Sini quickly urged his car against that of Drona's son. He then afflicted Aswatthaman with eight keen shafts. And once more striking that angry warrior with twenty shafts of diverse kinds, he pierced Aswatthaman's driver, and then his four steeds with four shafts. With. great deliberations and displaying a wonderful lightness of hand, he cut off Aswatthaman's bow and standard, Satyaki then cut into fragments the gold-decked car of this foe together with its steeds. And then he deeply pierced Aswatthaman in the chest with thirty arrows in that battle. Thus afflicted, O king, (by Satyaki), and shrouded with arrows, the mighty Aswatthaman knew not what to do. When the preceptor's son had fallen into that plight, thy son, that car-warrior, accompanied by Kripa and Karna and others began to cover the Satwata hero with arrows. All of them began quickly to pierce Satyaki from every side with keen shafts, Duryodhana pierced him with twenty, Saradwat's son, Kripa, with three. And Kritavarman pierced him with ten, and Karna with fifty. And Duhsasana pierced him with a hundred arrows, and Vrishasena with seven. Satyaki, however, O king, soon made all those great car-warriors fly away from the field, deprived of their cars. Meanwhile, Aswatthaman, O bull of Bharata's race, recovering consciousness, and sighing repeatedly in sorrow, began to think of what he should do. Riding then upon another car, that scorcher of foes, viz., the son of Drona, began to resist Satyaki, shooting hundreds of arrows. Beholding Aswatthaman once more approaching him in battle, the mighty car-warrior, Satyaki, once more made him careless and causedp. 475him to turn back. Then the Pandavas, O king, beholding the prowess of Satyaki, blew their conchs with great force and uttered loud leonine roars. Having deprived Aswatthaman of his car thus, Satyaki, of unbaffled prowess, then slew three thousand mighty car-warriors of Vrishasena's division. And then he slew fifteen thousand elephants of Kripa's force and fifty thousand horses of Sakuni. Then, the valiant son of Drona, O monarch, riding upon another car, and highly enraged with Satyaki, proceeded against the latter, desirous of slaying him. Beholding him approach again, the grandson of Sini, that chastiser of foes, once more pierced and mangled him with keen shafts, fiercer than those he had used before. Deeply pierced with those arrows of diverse forms by Yuyudhana, that great bowmen, viz., the angry son of Drona, smilingly addressed his foe and said, 'O grandson of Sini, I know thy partiality for Dhrishtadyumna, that slayer of his preceptor, but thou shalt not be able to rescue him or your own self when attacked by me. I swear to thee, O grandson of Sini, by truth and by my ascetic austerities, that I shall know no peace till I slay all the Panchalas. You may unite the forces of the Pandavas and those of the Vrishnis together, but I shall still slay the Somakas. Saying this, the son of Drona shot at Satyaki an excellent and straight arrow possessed of the effulgence of the sun, even as Sakra had hurled in days of yore his thunder at the Asura Vritra. Thus shot by Aswatthaman, that arrow, piercing through the armour of Satyaki, and passing through his body, entered the earth like a hissing snake entering its hole. His armour pierced through, the heroic Satyaki, like an elephant deeply struck with the hook, became bathed in blood that flowed from his wound. His bow, with arrow fixed thereon, being then loosened from his grasp, he sat down on the terrace of his car strengthless and covered all over with blood. Seeing this his driver speedily bore him away from Drona's son. With another shaft, perfectly straight and equipped with goodly wings that scorcher of foes, viz., Aswatthaman, struck Dhrishtadyumna between his eyebrows. The Panchala prince had before this been much pierced; therefore, deeply wounded by that arrow, he became exceedingly weak and supported himself by seizing his flag-staff. Beholding Dhrishtadyumna thus afflicted by Aswatthaman, like an infuriated elephant by a lion, five heroic car-warriors of the Pandava army, viz., Kiritin, Bhimasena, Vrihatkshatra of Puru's race, the youthful prince of the Chedis, and Sudarsana, the chief of the Malavas, quickly rushed against Aswatthaman. Armed with bows, all these rushed with cries Oh and Alas. And those heroes quickly encompassed the son of Drona on all sides. Advancing twenty paces, all of them, with great care, simultaneously struck the angry son of the preceptor with five and twenty arrows. Drona's son, however, with five and twenty shafts, resembling snakes of virulent poison, cut off, almost at the same time, those five and twenty arrows shot at him. Then Aswatthaman afflicted the Paurava prince with seven sharp shafts. And he afflicted the chief of the Malavas with three, Partha with one, and Vrikodara with six shafts. Then all those( but satyaki even Krishna would have been killed on 18th night masaccere if he had been there as Ashwathama was possessed by Mahakal). For me as a warrior who displays courage without death fear it is satyaki than Ashwathama. But Ashwathama who despite having more astras and knowledge of vedas ,shastras , 64 forms of arts than satyaki he lacked the warrior status as he was a brahmin . Ashwathama had more knowledge as he came from a brahmin lineage on both sides was trained by more teachers but Brahmins do not possess the valour of a Kshatriya except lord parashurama. It is for you to decide.	Thanks for A2AI can not say Satyaki was better than Aswathama. I have my own reasons.Aswathama was trained on par with Arjun by Drona. He was Rudransh. He got Brahmasira and Narayanastra..he hurled them both and created havoc in battle field.Satyaki ,the desciple Of Drona and Arjuna proved himself by defeating Drona,Karna and others. He was totally focused in war…he was considered equal to himself by Arjuna..On 14 th day Arjuna entrusted the responsibility of Yudhishtir to Satyaki and said..”If you are with my brother I consider him safe just like when he was protected by me. “So that speaks a lot about Satyaki’s prowess.But still on 11 th day Yudhishtir almost would have got captured by Drona,had Arjun not arrived in time.Coming to Aswathama ,he saved Duryothan and Karna from Arjun ‘s dangerous arrows.Aswathama I consider worthy of applause because he fought multiple times with Arjuna ,the archer par excellence Though he was defeated all the time and left the field,he should be acknowledged for standing firm for a longer time against Arjun than any one else from Duryothan’s side. Barring 17 th day battle Karna hardly stood his ground for a longer time.Prowess should be judged by performance only..That way both Satyaki and Aswathama had an edge over each other,Satyaki by defeating Kuru Maharathis And Aswathama by fighting Arjun with energy and vigour.Foot notesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionUnabridged Sanskrit versions of MahabharataNilakantha Bhava DipaKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Of Mahabharata	Satyaki is better warrior.He is very brave fighter equivalent to Arjuna.He played a major role in victory of Pandavas in the war.He fought war righteously.Ashwathama may have good knowelge in Divine weapon and strenght but he didn’t follow righteous path in war or any rules of war.He is son of Drona.The Drona is teacher of warfare and most famous of all time.As his son it is expected to him that he should maintain discipline of war,but he has done most shameful work by killing sleeping sons of Pandavas and other brave warriors of Pandavas side while they were sleeping.He is most evil warrior.	
Why did Yudhishthira ask for Nakulas life	Yudhishthira asked for Nakula because his father had two wives, Kunti, his mother and Madri, his step mother whose son was Nakula.He said just like his mother Kunti, Madri is also his mother. There is no distinction. And he want both of his mother to be treated equally, and that's why he want at least one son of Madri to be alive.	
Why do Indian serials glorify the character of Karna and create fake stories	Thanks for A2ASharukh Khan’s Baazigar and Darr catapulted him to the position of A grade heroes in Bollywood. Audience clapped and enjoyed all his negative actions without batting an eyelid. More than Sunny Deol Who was a positive charecter,Shahrukh Khan got loads of sympathy from every one. Why?The perspective and outlook changed . People started to enjoy negativity if it offers them thrill and excitement.Similarly Mahabharat the great Epic from a different angle was more acceptable for most of the readers or viewers. The pulse of the audience changed.Srirama and Arjuna can not captivate people’s sentiments now. Ravana and Karna do.To add more colour to these actual negative charecters,writers and makers of shows started validating their actions by justifying them through distortion of the facts.Why was Karna glorified by fake stories? These are some reasons.Negative Hero lured more than the real hero..Most of the people won’t read the Epic to know and check the facts.Distorted novels like Palace Of Illusions popularised Wrong notions. Not to forget Mrityunjaya.People like Devdutt Patnaik propagated false as truth ,bombarding the public with chat shows and misleading novels.Impact of visual mediumWith the advent of TV at every corner of the world,the impact magnified by leaps and bounds.TRPS became the essential criteria to survive and rule the roost.So what better way is there to attract attention than sensationalising a charecter by changing the facts?Distortion in BR Chopra MahabharatBR Chopra in his title card mentioned he followed Bhandarkar version. But did he really do so? No.Back in 80’s Chopra distorted facts to elevate Karna and degrade Arjuna.How? I will tell.Karna’s Digvijaya which was not elaborated in Bori,Chopra chose to show that ..The 16 th day battle ended in Arjun’s victory as per every version but Chopra changed it to Karna’s victory thereby misleading millions who never read the Epic.Ghosha Yatra which shows the triumph of Arjun and humiliation of Karna got distorted to save Karna’s reputation.Arjun’s bold fight with Siva was not shown..which again is unpalatable.With all these efforts then itself glorification of Karna started and reached the dizziest heights today ,making real lovers of the authentic Epic suffocated and frustrated.Reasons are shown for his abusive behaviour by making claims like ..Karna abused Draupadi because she insulted him by rejecting him on caste basisPandavas insulted him so he sided with Duryothana.I consider Suryaputra Karna as the mother of distortions. I wonder if some other show on Karna could beat it at all. That show did so much damage by overglorifying Karna in unimaginable ways. Seriously,would he save Panchali from Sisupala that too in her mansion?Why fake stories are accepted ,we need to ponder and we know the answer. Fake or false they sell the most and bring TRPs. Bad prevails over good .So the trend continues..for how long? Only time will tell.	I do not know which are the serials you are referring to, but most Indian serials create fictional stories about everything.May it be Prithvi Raj Chouhan, Chandra gupta mourya, Ashoka, Akbar, Bajirao, or entire Ramayan and Mahabharat for that matter.All that matters to them are TRPs, and makers/producers aren't the only ones to blame. Half of Indian audience doesn't care for the content as long as there is cliche lovestory, a beautiful pair to ship and some family drama. Result of which, the saas bahu and other forms of shit is introduced into non-fictional genres aswell (While disclaimer isn't even shown for 30 seconds).It hurts to see the stories being misconveyed, and people accepting it easily.Thanks to Balaji telefilms and Ekta kapoor, the history and mythology are ruined for our future generations (especially when the habit of reading is dwindling).PS : I personally believe Karna deserves to be glorified, if not for the fake stories but for the actual facts that are there. #Team_Karna_Always.	
Why did the Pandavas chase the deer	I’m sorry, but I don’t get what you mean by the “Pandavas chase the deer”. Do you mean why they hunt deer instead of living luxuriously in the palace? I can tell about the time where Pandu got cursed for killing a deer, though. One day, Madri told Pandu to catch a beautiful deer she saw. Pandu went in the woods and shot at the deer. The deer was actually the Munivar Kindama’s wife. The Munivar cursed Pandu that if he tried to intimate with his partner that he would die. As king of Hastinapur, he felt ashamed and sad about what he did. He and wives left the palace to live a simple life in the forest and gave up his throne.	
What was the point of the Mahabharat war that was fought to establish Dharma when Shri Krishna knew that Dwapar Yug would only last for another few years and will be followed by Kalyug that will be full of adharma	That's a logical question...Since Kali Yuga was about to begin which will be full of Adharma, why kill all Adharmi's from Dwapar Yuga?There are many reasons as to Why Lord Krishna Architected Mahabharat that destroyed most of the humanity-1. To re-establish Dharma before Kali Yuga startsCreation of Bhagwad Gita was the main reason for Mahabharat to happen. Without the Battle of Mahabharat, Gita would be just another book, written by someone.The Validity of Gita, whose teachings are given by God himself, would be questioned by all in Kali Yuga.(You can find this happening these days as compared to the past)2. Liberation of Dharmic (Pure) Souls-Everyone who participated in Mahabharat with Dharma by their side, was liberated to heaven. Their Pure Souls where spared from the impure Kali Yuga.There is a story that all Sages and Kings who where Dharmic went to Lord Vishnu and requested him to liberate them since they dont want their Pure Souls to pollute itself form the Kali Yuga3. To establish Fear-In order for Dharma to sustain in Kali Yuga, a fear had to be established for doing Adharma in the Kaliyuga, or else the society would destroy itself before the cycle of Kali Yuga ends.4. Destruction of Scientific Knowledge and Powers-We all know how warriors and Saints from other Yuga's had powers like (Time Travel, Teleportation, Weapons of Mass Destruction, Energy Transformation from Nature to Weapons etc.), this knowledge had to be destroyed before Kali Yuga begins or else people would use it on others for petty reasons and would destroy the humanity.(e.g. World War 1/2, Invasions, ethnic cleansing of faiths etc.) If the Scientific knowledge from the previous yugas would have continued, the humanity that we know would cease to exist.Mahabharat was nothing but a final act of Upliftment of the society before it plunges into the depths of Kali Yuga.	What is the point in having food or taking medicines despite surely knowing that we will eventually die? Well, we are alive and well because we eat and we take care of our health. We live in the present. We don’t ruin our present simply because we know that the future will get worse someday. We even plan for our future and save money for the welfare of ourselves and our family. We even buy health and life insurance policies!!It was because Sri Krishna incarnated here and did what he did, especially the war of the Mahabharata, that there is at least this amount of dharma subsisting in Kaliyuga. Being a jnani and a sthithaprajna himself (to say the least) since birth, he lived in the present moment and addressed the problems that were plaguing his immediate surroundings, which eventually grew to the national level.The plot to eliminate Krishna was on its way even before he was born! As an infant, there were several murder attempts on him, which he warded off effortlessly by killing the emissaries of hatred and death.As a young lad, Krishna’s problem was rather simple. He was immensely fond of milk, curds and butter, and the ‘problem’ were the elders who would forbid him from having them. Least did he care about this problem! He built a team of his own, he stormed or crept into the houses, stole the things he wanted and never let anyone catch him or his friends. He also saved his friends from many dangers lurking in the woods.At a slightly elder age, as his world expanded a little, Krishna’s immediate concerns and responsibilities extended to the safety and well-being of the villagers and their livestock. There were persistent threats looming all around them. He rescued and protected the populace of Vrajabhumi from the vicious serpent, Kaliya, and also from the wrath of Indra.In the later years, as a teen, Krishna became fully aware of his true identity which was entwined with a vicious political crisis in the form of a cowardly, tyrannical ruler, Kamsa, who was terrorising the Yadavas with his murderous generals. Krishna successfully vanquished him, rescued his own parents, and reinstated Ugrasena on the throne of Mathura. It was only then he realised that the problem was much larger than Kamsa. The real tormentor was Jarasandha, the mighty ruler of Magadha, under whom Kamsa was just a subdued provincial head. After repeated attacks by Jarasandha, who was envenomed by the coup d'état in Mathura, Krishna was compelled to move the entire Yadava population from Mathura to a newly built Dwaraka, on the west coast of India - far away from the reach of the foe.Amidst all this, Krishna voluntarily initiated acquaintance with his lost cousins, the Pandavas, which transformed into one of the most loving bonds in the history of mankind. He sensed the impending twofold calamity on the country - Jarasandha and the sons of Dhritarashtra. He was clever enough to realise that the confluence of these two evil camps would prove to be too strong for anyone to challenge and conquer. Krishna strategically got rid of Jarasandha long before the war of Kurukshetra, thus mitigating even the unseen possibility of a Jarasandha-Duryodhana military alliance.Krishna tried his best to avoid the final military confrontation of the feuding cousins at Kurukshetra, but it was not to be. All the political powers in the country gathered in that war, facing each other. The final victory befell those who stood on the side of dharma, and thus on the side of Krishna.Thus it can be seen that the evil that tried to prevent his very birth grew exponentially and assumed national proportions, sharply divided the entire nation into two, and made the side of dharma victorious. Right from his infancy to his final day, Krishna did what he felt was dharma under any given circumstance - uncomplaining, being undisturbed about the positive or negative outcome, and being least mindful of faultfinders. An important point to be noted is that he did not stand on some high pedestal of Godhood to preach, ‘karmaneyvadhikaraste maa phaleshu kada cha na’ to the lesser mortals of the world. He himself lived the philosophy he taught, and this can be seen at every stage of his life, unambiguously.To reiterate, he took care of his present times (Dwaparayuga) from his unshakable stand of dharma, which has rendered Kaliyuga tolerable to this degree.	When most of the people on earth are corrupted then the balance of the world gets disturbed. In order to maintain this balance of earth it is necessary to ruin all the corrupted people in this world. In every Yuga, to save the good people from these corrupted people, Narayana had to take birth.In the Dwapar Yug when the Kauravas got destroyed and along with them the kings and lakhs of soldiers were killed, after the war the following period was of peace though it was the last part of the Dwapar Yug. Thus in every yuga this good and bad state of time always remains. So it is not right to say Kalyug is extremely bad as the first half of the Kalyug is spent partly on dharma and truth. With time in the Kalyug slowly slowly the corruption, treachery increases and then again for yug parivartan Narayana has to take an incarnation.In Satya, treta, dwapar and kali the good and bad things are mixed therefore when the good goes, the scale of bad and evil increases, be it in any yuga, then this type of human destruction becomes inevitable.	Hail friend ,for the quest!Every Avatar descend s in last centuries of a Yug for two causes .First to destroy the present deformity, second to establish fine merits for ages to come…So is with Krishna ,	
Why does Draupadi have to die first and not any of the Pandavas	Why does Draupadi have to die first and not……?In all religeons of the world, no one ever likes to see a woman who once married and becomes single after the of her husband.Well in the case of Draupadi, this is a challenge to the readers and audience to know the reason and if the reason becomes clear then the Epic is deemed to have been understood.So this is secret and for reasons like this Epic is before us even after having crossed the vast ocean of turbulence that we know as “ Time”.	The most logical answer to why she fell is because her husbands were warriors and had warriors' bodies even in old age while she was not used to rigorous effort. Even in their Vanvas when they go to gandhmadan parvat to meet Arjuna, Draupadi is very tired and she was comparatively younger at the Time. In Virat parva to Arjuna carried her on his shoulders as she was unable to walk for a long distance. By the time they went for the journey to the mountain top she was much older. It is understandable that her body would fail her first.	VedaVyas follows Last In First Out(LIFO) Policy.(just for kidding).Draupadi is having nithya sumangali yoga. That's why she died before her husbands.	
If Karna was taught by Drona Kripa without knowing his lineage why did Kripa Drona ask Karna about his birth origins at the archery skills ceremony	The fact that Adhiratha Let Karna learn archery with Kripa and Drona is undisputable. It was mentioned at not one place,It was given in Adi Parva which is direct narration.it is given in Vana Parva when Janamejaya asked Vaisampayana about Karna ..that was the time when Surya came to warn Karna not to give his ear rings and armour to Indra who may solicit him in disguise.Then in Santi Parva Narada elaborately told Yudhishtira how Karna learnt at Kripa,Drona and then went to Parasuram for Brahmastra.Now the question why Kripa asked his birth details .First and foremost the exhibition of skills was meant for only Kuru princes. Not the outsiders. Drona got many students from all the corners of Aryavarth . None of them exhibited their skills.It was Kurukumaranam astravidya Pradarsana Exhibition of skills by Kuru princes as given in Sanskrit versions.Karna gate crashed the event without even requesting Guru Dron or the kingThe Epic said he indifferently bowed to Kripa and Drona..He did not have the courtesy to ask” May I? “. He forgot that he should follow the protocol in his zeal to fight with Arjuna..which is a punishable offence. His stars are good he was not taken to task due to the magnanimity Of Kuru Elders And Guru Dron.Now he came,he challenged Arjun and exhibited whatever Arjun showed ..But.Karna became over enthusiastic and expressed his desire to fight with Arjun. At this point Arjun got annoyed and called him intruder but Karna declared “ This arena belongs to all not to you only”I wonder how could he declare that? Who is he to say that? Did he ask Drona for what purpose it was arranged? Did he try to know from Kuru Elders? No.On his own he decided that the place belongs to everyone. Then Arjuna got ready to face him.At this moment Kripa intervened.ExcerptKripa, knowing all duties and cognisant of the rules regulating duels, addressed Karna, saying 'This Pandava, who is the youngest son of Kunti, belongeth to the Kaurava race: he will engage in combat with thee. But, O mighty-armed one, thou too must tell us thy lineage and the names of thy father and mother and the royal line of which thou art the ornament. Learning all this, Partha will fight with thee or not (as he will think fit). Sons of kings never fight with men of inglorious lineage.'Kripa knowingly asked Karna his lineage because that was the only way to control that arrogant Karna who forgot every norm to fulfill his desire to fight with Arjun who was much more younger to him in age.There is nothing wrong in having that desire but Karna should wait for a proper occasion to fulfill his wish.Karna has no right to turn an arena of Royal princes meant just for exhibition of skills into a battle field. That is why Kripa raised the point and he is right. As Adhiratha’s son ( Kripa knows him as Adhiratha’s son ) Karna can not fight with Kuru Prince Arjun. Mostly when it is Karna who is challenging and that too without provocation.If he is allowed to fight with Arjun then another contender may come and challenge Just to test his skills with the best among the lot.Kripa is described as cognisant of rules pertaining to duelstAvudyatamahAchApau kRRipaH shAradvato.abravIt |dvandvayuddhasamAchAre kushalaH sarvadharmavit || 30|. So what he said falls in place with the norms followed in case of duels. If some one asks Won’t Arjuna fight with other sects of people ever,yes he did but they were different ..in battle any one can fight with warrior of any origin.But in duels,when Royal prince is challenged by an outsider,certainly there will be issues to be taken care of. Kripa did that only..Moreover custom dictates introduction of contenders in any duel,competition,sports ….etc.Point to be noted Duryothan welcomed Karna like he does to a long lost friend ..They were friends before in Gurukul. So he must have felt relieved…Source ReferencesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Adi Parv sec 126Unabridged Sanskrit versions..Adi ParvaKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parv Sec.CXXXVIII	
Who was the most righteous of warriors in the Mahabharata	Bhishma - probably the only one, who was close to righteous.Most of the Kauravas lost that with Abhimanyu’s death.The Pandavas also did that with Drona ( who was no saint himself)Kripa and Ashwathama became totally degraded with the killings after the war.	Bhishma of course. No one including Krishna fought the war with integrity but it's not mentioned even once in Mahabharata that Bhishma did anything wrong in the war. Even he bound himself with an oath that he will not kill any Pandavas or their family, else the result would be totally different.	
What made Karna learn war skills instead of looking after his family adopted business	What family business? What was he supposed to do? Softdrinks , textiles?First of all it was not Karna choice to learn war skills. It was choice of his Father Adiratha who had adopted him and then he send him to Drona for education. Not only him but all his sons were warriors and participated in war and some died protecting karna. One of his son died in Virat war. This is from Vana parva. One can refer to KMG, Gita press or BORI any edition all say he send karna to gain education.Vaishampayana said, ‘Through a spy, Pritha got to know that he was clad in celestial armour. In due course, when suta Adhiratha saw that his son had grown up, he sent him to the city of Varanasahrya. There, he went to Drona to learn about weapons. The brave one became Duryodhana’s friend. Having obtained the four kinds of weapons from Drona, Kripa and Rama, he became famous in the world as a great archerPlus I want to add that Karna was very ambitious and excited about being an archer which led him to further heights but that part is how he became a great archer once he had been set on that path but the question asks why he chose to learn war skills then choosing family business. So I stick to why he started in first place.It is a big misconception that Adirath was some poor Charioteer. He was actually a friend of Dhritrashtra himself. I will elaborate that point later but let me first clear misconception about charioteer or Suta.Dhritarashtra had a friend and he was a suta named Adhiratha. At that time, he went to the Jahnavi, together with his wife. O king! His wife was unrivaled on earth in her beauty. The immensely fortunate one was named Radha and she had no son,though she had undertaken special efforts to obtain offspring. She saw the basket floating along, as it willed. It was protected well and was beautiful with ribbons and a handle. The waves of the Jahnavi carried it near her. Driven by curiosity, the beautiful one grasped it.It is again a misconception that Suta were some car drivers only. No they were Bards , saints, kings, generals and many of them were charioteers. We all know about Keechak and he was Suta and general of Mastya Army. Kekeya princess were all Suta and Participated in war.Role of charioteer and necessary to learn war skillsOther big misconception which has been bolstered by TV is that they need not know about war. No on the contrary all warriors need to know chariot driving and all charioteer need to know war skills. Yes, all kings had to know how to drive a chariot. Yudhishthir is said to be master in that field. Krsihna, Shalya and Even Arjuna were Ace charioteers.Similarly Charioteers were also well versed in battle tactics. They are not supposed to drive DTC buses. They have to drive chariots in war mostly. They were keen observers and gave all inputs to their warriors.A Rathi was only half of his potential without SarathiCharioteer used to tell them what was status of their aresonal , how many weapons have remained, what position of battlefield they are. Even they guided their warriors about which commander is going to attack them. In war in confusion many times warrior even attacked their own forces because flag staffs etc were broken of main commander the key identity of a battalion at times.How is a charioteer supposed to do all that if he has no knowledge?Sanjay fought Mahabharat warI know I am stating something which 60 percent will contest stating no he was with Dhritrashtra and telling him story by Divya dristhi. But it is not true. He did have divine vision but he was not always with Dhritrashtra. He came to fight in war and was even caught by Satyaki on 18th day. But Vyasa saved him. He threw his armor and then ran back to Dhritrasthra. He was even head of a small division of rathis.	Karna was god son after all , he was directly the son of Sun god , the gliter and shine cannot be hidden or covered .His foster parents knew the childs blood line but they were obessed with the child to much being childless .Kunti was hardcore Kshatrani and child born of her had inherited fighting skills .Family business of Adirath was to look after horses and chariots of royal warehouses and they were respectable lot . Just why dharmic Pandavas hated Suttas is a mystery which even lord Krishna has no clue .Adirath was well respected subject in Dhristhirashtras court and was also friendly to emperor . Driving a chariot was also skill and every warrior needed to learn( master) it .	
What sources of the Mahabharata talk about Draupadi and Karnas love story	Thank you for the A2A.There are absolutely no authentic sources that talk about Karna and Draupadi in any way that’s not related to the Dice game.As Lakshmi Telidevara already said in her answer, Draupadi saw Karna only twice in her entire lifetime; the first time during her Swayamvara, and the next during the Dyut. There is absolutely nothing in the entire epic to even hint at anything between them before the dice game. After the dice game Draupadi hated Karna for all he had done and actively wanted his death. She didn’t even refuse to marry him at her swayamvara as depicted in popular culture, each time with more drama attached! It was a much later addition to the tale to build up Karna’s role from the sidekick to the main villain to a tragic hero of the tale. Karna had failed to hit the target.I recently answered a similar question about this angle. Please refer to that. Roopal Garg's answer to Is it true that Draupadi loved Karna and how would Mahabharata turned out it if she married Karna instead of Pandavas?Now to where it all started from in folklore. The Mahabharata is an old tale. And it has always been very popular. As it happens with popular things, everyone wants to associate with them. If the people in the tale were said to pass through any area, over time tales develop that attach more and more importance to the place and it’s connection to the people. It’s a very common human psyche, the embellishing of a tale to overplay a particular aspect. Over time this overplaying adds completely new twists and even characters and events to the story. At times pre-existing local tales have their characters changed to those of the epic to popularize them further. Sometimes poets or storytellers tweak the story a bit to glorify their favorite character. Sometimes they start with a grain of truth, sometimes they’re made out of a whole new cloth.For example, in the 15th century, a celebrated Odiya poet Saraladas introduced a mango episode in his retelling. According to him, during the 9th year of their exile, while in a forest, the Pandavas were in a difficult situation and had to speak truths to ripen a mango tree in autumn. Draupadi’s truth was that although she had 5 husbands, she loved Arjuna the most. The episode was added by the poet only to highlight the greatness of Krishna, because of whom the entire crisis was averted. A hundred years down the line, a Bengali poet Kashidas replaced Arjuna’s name with Karna’s, spicing up the tale even more. In Kashidashi Mahabharata, Draupadi admitted to desiring Karna once. In a marathi folklore, this story was represented as Jambul Akhyan, where the fruit in question is a succulent rose apple that tempts Draupadi into plucking it (like Eve from the Bible), prompting Krishna to stop her from eating it and for Draupadi to confess a secret to avoid being cursed by a Rishi who was going to eat that fruit after completing his penance. Draupadi’s truth is not just that she desired Karna, but also that she wished she hadnt rejected him because of his caste, for then she wouldn’t be insulted. This story was also included in Devdutt Pattanaik’s Jaya lately. So you see how a folktale introduced by a poet in 15th century to praise Krishna turned into a Draupadi-Karna angle for modern authors and readers to explore and exploit!So now you have any number of modern retellings and novels that claim Draupadi’s secret, or not so secret desire for Karna. No matter what they claim, none of it is true. I recently had a conversation with a reader who had loved the novel ‘The Palace of Illusions’ by Chitra Banerjee who has made the Karn-Draupadi angle the mainstay of her plot. He wanted to know whether he loved the book because of its wonderful plot or writing, or because of the Mahabharata connection! After a little back and forth he admitted that without the Mahabharata connection the book is actually trash! It has no plausible plot or storyline to engage the reader, and it’s premise that a woman would pine for her molestor is highly misogynistic and inhuman. If Mahabharata is taken out of it, the author probably wouldn’t have sold ten copies let alone become a bestseller! Even the author’s claim that she has given voice to Draupadi is false because her Draupadi is nothing like the original! What the author has actually done is given voice to the Karna in her own head! So there you have it.Sources: B N Patnaik’s blog on Sarala MahabharataStains of the Jambul by Devdutt PattanaikJaya by Devdutt PattanaikThe Palace of Illusions by Chitra Banerjee DivakaruniKisari Mohan Ganguli translation of the Mahabharata	No authentic source of Mahabharata talk about The above mentioned love story. It was the delusional novelists like Chitra Banerjee,Devdutt Patnaik and others who propagated the factually incorrect and non existent ,fake love story to satisfy their own desire to see the two names together. Neither the authentic unabridged Sanskrit versions nor the popular translations of the Epic such as KMG indicated any such thing that got circulated among people nowadays.There are two reasons why this false story found place in fan fictions and retellings.Most of the people never read the Epic to check the facts.Others are Karna admirers who can not swallow the truth that the gorgeous Princess of Panchal was beyond the reach of their favourite hero. So they will take resort to folk tales and retellings which serve their purpose.NeverthlessTruth can not be suppressed by false propagation. It will emerge from beneath the layers of falsehood and shine with glory.HoweverDraupadi of the Epic did not even have any scene that could form a base for the love story.There are two occasions when both of them met as per the Epic. Swayamvar And Dicehall. At Swayamvar Karna failed to hit the target and at Dice Hall he took the lead in her disrobing .Karna was her abuser who wanted to see her naked amidst the whole Kurusabha .It was Karna who suggested disrobing of Draupadi and called her Bandhaki uncharte..whore.To imagine a love story between a married lady with her abuser is unwelcome..Sourcesunabridged Sanskrit versions of MahabharataBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation	Actually Mahabharat doesn't talk about it. It's folklore that started it. Mahabharat is a saga of human dynamics.Draupadi is pictured from various angles. She was known as Agnijaya i. e. the one born from fire. A nurtured & trained princess.At the time of her swayamvar Karna was not refused the opportunity due to his cast. Pandavas were there disguised as brahmins. Arjun before entering the areana enquired if it was for Kshatriyas only. When Dhrushtadyumn answered it was for the skilled archer then Arjun entered.So misconcepts about Draupadi & Karna are added spice to the story. Draupadi's commitment was the hardest one as she was to spend specified time with specified husband & be loyal to him physically as well mentally. Karna had no space left.	
What is the bow of Arjun known as	The question is about Arjuna and just his bow so let us keep it to him only.Arjuna bow was called Gandiva. It was a celestial bow of Shiva created by Brahma which passed on to Indra to Som to Varun and to Arjuna. It was provided by Agni to Arjuna for Khandavdahana and fight Gods. Arjuna said he possesses all weapons to fight Gods but he is very strong and often with his own pressure he breaks other bows and so ordinary bows won’t be able to bear strength of his own weapons for such a fight.Here is how he acquired itAnd taking up that celestial and first of bows created by Brahman of old and called Gandiva, Arjuna was filled with joy. And bowing unto Hutasana, Partha endued with great energy, took up the bow and strung it forcibly. Those who heard the noise that was made while the mighty Pandava strung that bow, quaked with fearAdi Parva: Khandava-daha Parva: Section CCXXVIIHere is the shloka where it is called Bow of shiva and its other wielders.Vrihannala said, 'That about which thou hath first enquired is Arjuna's bow, of world-wide fame, called Gandiva, capable of devastating hostile hosts. Embellished with gold, this Gandiva, the highest and largest of all weapons belonged to Arjuna. Alone equal unto a hundred thousand weapons, and always capable of extending the confines of kingdoms, it is with this that Partha vanquisheth in battle both men and celestials. Worshipped ever by the gods, the Danavas and the Gandharvasand variegated with excellent colours, this large and smooth bow is without a knot or stain anywhere. Shiva held it first for a thousand years. Afterwards Prajapati held it for five hundred and three years. After that Sakra, for five and eighty years. And then Soma held it for five hundred years. And after that Varuna held it for a hundred years. And finally Partha,Virata Parva: Go-harana Parva: Section XLIIII am also giving sanskrit sholka for verificationयेन देवासुरान्पार्थः सर्वान्विषहते रणे। एतद्वर्षसहस्रं तु ब्रह्मा पूर्वमधारयत् ॥ उमापतिश्चतुःषष्टिं शक्रोऽशीतिं च पञ्च च । सोमः पञ्चसहस्राणि तथा च वरुणः शतम् ॥ तस्माच्च वरुणादग्निः प्रेम्णा प्राहृत्य तच्छुभम्। अग्निना प्रातिभाव्येन दत्तं पार्थाय गाण्डिवम् । पञ्चषष्टिं च वर्षाणि कौन्तेयो धारयिष्यति ॥Arjuna bow Gandiva was excellent and celestial. However, it was very heavy and rigid and thus very few could strung it. Mahabharata only names three people capable of doing so Arjuna, Sri krishna and Bhima. Only three were capable in Human form to string it and use it flawlessly. Some confuse this part with lifting it. but stringing and using it for longer period is different thing. Even Uttara was able to lift it. Using it required lot of skill and power.Source KMG translation on Internet Sacred Text Archive HomeGita press gorakhpura sanskrit edition	Bow of Arjuna is called as Gandiva.Bow of Karna is called as Vijaya.Arjuna used his bow in every battle from the time when he got it.In the Penultimate Parva of Mahabharata, he gave it back to Fire God.Karna used his bow only during the 2 days when he is commander of the army.After his death, the bow returned to Parashurama.	
What was the age of Krishna Arjun and Duryodhana at the time of the Mahabharata War	Well, age is not too much important, when we have to learn so many thing from contents. Let us learn many lessons from each characters.But still coming back to your question, According to Matsya Purana, Lord Krishna was 89 years old when Mahabharata war was fought. Arjuna was 87 at the time of Mahabharat war. Accordingly, we can think of age of others. Duryodhana was 90 years at the time of Mahabarath. Each of his 99 brothers were born on next day of the previous ones birth. So, average age of Kauravas is 89-90 years.	The mention of age of characters were only at few places in Mahabharata. When Pandavas with Kunti first came to Hastinapur with dead bodies of Pandu and Madri, Yudhishthir was sixteen then.During Mahabharata war, it is mentioned that Drona was 85 years old at that time. Drona had a son Ashwathhama of similar age as Pandavas and Drona was their teacher. From these, one can estimate the age of Pandavas during the Kurukshetra war.	Krishna and Arjuna both were 72, Balram, Duryodhana and Bheema were 73, Yudhisthira, Nakul and Sahdeva were 74, 71 and 70 respectively. Bhishma is said to be 136 years old but he was not the oldest warrior. Bhagadutta was older than Bhishma, perhaps 140+ and the oldest was Bhishma's uncle Bahleeka who was 169 years old.	
Who taught Karna archery in Mahabharata	Kripa,Drona were the first instructors of Karna. Karna learnt the science of archery mainly from Drona. He went to Parasurama to learn Brahmastra.Contrary to what TV shows and Distorted novels tell,Drona did not refuse to instruct Karna, It has become a habit to show Drona as the cruel hearted Guru who refused Karna on the basis of caste.Dharma Kshetra serial did not leave any stone unturned to show Karna as helpless,innocent boy next door by making Drona heartless and partial. Other shows like Surya Putr Karn crossed every limit of decency to evoke sympathy for Karna and made Drona the scapegoat.Vana Parva Of the Epic tells the fact..ExcerpttatropasadanaM chakre droNasyeShvastrakarmaNi |sakhyaM duryodhanenaivamagachChatsa cha vIryavAn || 16||droNAtkRRipAchcha rAmAchcha so.astragrAmaM chaturvidham |labdhvA loke.abhavatkhyAtaH parameShvAsatAM gataH || 17||sandhAya dhArtarAShTreNa pArthAnAM vipriye sthitaH |yoddhumAsha.nsate nityaM phalgunena mahAtmanA || 18||“Adhiratha sent him to the city named after the elephant. And there Karna put up with Drona, for the purpose of learning arms. And that powerful youth contracted a friendship with Duryodhana. And having acquired all the four kinds of weapons from Drona, Kripa, and Rama, he became famous in the world as a mighty bowman. And after having contracted a friendship with Dhritarashtra's son, he became intent on injuring the sons of Pritha. And he was always desirous of fighting with the high-souled Falguna.”Adhiradha admitted him at Drona’s Gurukul.Karna got astras from Kripa,Drona and Parasurama .Karna became a friend of Duryothana in the Gurukul itself.Karna was bent upon hurting Pandavas and fighting with Arjuna,Who was far younger in age.Adiparva And Santi Parva validated this fact..thatKarna learnt archery from Drona and Kripa..Parasurama was approached by him only to learn Brahmastra.Foot NotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Vana Parv ch. 293Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationAdi Parva CXXXIVVana Parva CCCVIISanti Parva II	As per the Vyasa Mahabharatha, Karna’s father (foster) Athiratha was colleague of Dhritharashtra in gurukul and thus maintained friendship with the king. When Dhritharasthra appointed Drona as master of his sons and sons of Pandu, he made Karna also part of that Gurukul. So all the versions, which tell that Drona rejected Karna were false. In fact, even he accepted Dhristadyumna, son of Drupada, who took birth to kill him as his disciple. He rejected Ekalavya not on caste basis, but on the basis of his loyalties to Magadha Kingdom, which was not in favour of Hastinapura for which Drona is working for. How could a teacher working for a king or a country can teach to a person loyal to an enemy of the king/country? That was the only reason he rejected Ekalavya. He did not reject Karna. He refused to teach Brahmastra to Karna and he did the same to his son Aswathama also. He felt only Arjuna as the person qualified to learn brahmastra. On insistence at home, he taught Aswathama the launch of Brahmastra, but he did not taught how to withdraw it thinking that he may not use it as he did not know how to withdraw.	There were three persons who taught karna archery. Their names are such:-1- Acharya Kripa.2- Acharya Drona.3- Acharya Parshuram.Yeah, first he received archry from Kripacharya when he was teaching Kauravas and Pandavas. But after some times Dronacharya entered into Hastinapur and he started to teach Kauravas, Pandavas and Karna. But when Dronacharya decided to give Arjuna Brahamastra, he felt jealous with Arjuna and went to Drona and requested him to give him Brahamastra to kill Arjun. But Drona forbade him. Then he went to Parshuram and received Brahamastra to tell a lie to him.	As a young woman, Kunti, the princess of the Madhura Kingdom, had been granted a boon by sage Durvasa to be able to invoke any deity to give her a child. Eager to test the power, while still unmarried, she called upon the solar deity Surya and was handed a son Karna wearing armour (Kavacha) and a pair of earrings (Kundala). Afraid of being an unwed mother and having an illegitimate son, Kunti placed the baby in a basket and set him afloat on a river. The child was found by Adhiratha, a charioteer of King Dhritarashtra of Hastinapur. Adhiratha and his wife Radha raised the boy as their own son and named him Vasusena. He also came to be known as Radheya, the son of Radha.Karna became interested in the art of warfare and approached Dronacharya, an established teacher who taught the Kuru princes. But he refused to take Karna as his student, since Karna was not a Kshatriya. However, according to some versions of the tale, appreciating Karna's boldness, Drona tells Adhiratha to call his son "Karna". After being refused by Drona, Karna wanted to learn advanced skills of archery and hence he decided to learn from Parashurama, Drona's own guru.As Parashurama only taught Brahmins, Karna appeared before him as such. Parashurama accepted him and trained him to such a point that he declared Karna to be equal to himself in the art of warfare and archery. One day, towards the end of his training, Karna happened to offer Parashurama his lap so his guru could rest his head and take a nap. While Parashurama was asleep, a bee stung Karna's thigh. Despite the pain, Karna did not move, so as to not disturb his guru. When Parashurama woke up and saw the blood oozing from Karna's wound, he at once deduced that Karna was not a Brahmin. Enraged, Parashurama accused Karna of stealing knowledge, and laid a curse upon Karna that he would forget all the knowledge required to wield the Brahmastra.Upon Karna's pleading, Parashurama relented and modified his curse, saying that Karna would only lose the knowledge when he needed it most while fighting against an equal warrior.[citation needed] This curse would come to haunt him in his final fight against Arjuna. Rewarding Karna's diligence, Parashurama gave him his personal celestial weapon Bhargavastra which no one else possessed. Karna was also cursed by a Brahmin for killing his cow while practising his skills with bow and arrow. The Brahmin got angry and cursed him that he would die if & only if Karna become helpless in the same way that Brahmin's innocent cow had died.	Drona. That’s right. Drona. No he did not turn him down. He taught all of Hastinapur’s students and not just its Princes. It is only the Bhramhastra’s secret that he refuses to share with anyone but Arjun. That is why Karna further hones his skill from Parashuram. Thus, Karna learnt not only from Drona but also Drona’s teacher.	Karna's father was horse rider in Kauravas cavalry. He was going in the same government school where Arjun and all Kauravas study by Sage Kripachary, later Sage Drone appointed as Principle Teacher by Bheeshma for advance study of all students in same school. Therefore, along with Pandavas and Kauravas, Karna also got all education including archery from Kripachary and Dronachary.	
Where can one find good literature on the Ramayana and the Mahabharata	Hi,In case you are starting and do have the time and patience to go through in detail , would suggest the following :ValmikiRamayana .Net for the Valmiki version of the RamayanaMahabharata the BORI edition. The website sacred texts has the KM Ganguli edition.If not then Rajagopalachari 's version, though abridged is much closer to the canonical texts.	
What was the result of the jealousy of Kaurava	as I remember the kauravas were not exactly jealous, maybe Duryodhana because Yudhisthira was going to take away the throne, but the others did not.The war of Kurukshetra was a war that was fought for material goods, not for the Dharma and the Adharma as many people tend to think; so none was exactly a villain and each one became in a certain way a hero	
Why did Arjuna ask Shri Krishna to take the chariot to the middle of the battlefield to survey the Kurus when he knew exactly who he was fighting against	Not only Arjun went near to the Gauravs army...Yudhistar did, however he went to get the blessing from elder and to get permission to start the war.Arjun just want to see the elder face one more time in very close before the war. Once he reached the centre, we all know Krishna stopped the world after some time amd gave Geetha to the world.	
What happened to the immortals of Mahabharata	What happened to the immortals of Mahabharata?What should happen to them?If your question is, “Are the immortals, who are blessed by the almighty creator himself, who are free to live and be wherever they want, who are free from the dragging life of having to go to work for a living, who are above the puny thrills of going to beaches and malls, should those pure minded saints be allowed to stay away from the Ravanas and Duryodhans in each and every town, house, family, street, and person they come across, should they be given freedom to not witness the slaughter of Gawmata all over the populated land and in their own land of Dwapar yuga [Bharata], should they be let to worship Krishna or meditate in solitude in uninhabited places away from the smartphone cameras of 21st century?”then …… the answer would be:YES	
Which Mahabharata is better Kisari Mohan Ganguly or Mahabharata translated by Bibek Debroy	What is exactly your question who is better translator or which is best version?what has Bibek Debroy or KMG to do with versions I wonder ?No one has written Mahabharat or had researched it. Both are just translators and what we need is to revisit the question and ask which version is better in terms of research. and then the answer is BORI.Let me tell you BORI is way above KMG in all aspects.First Krishna manohar Ganguly was just a translator and he had limited excess to Manuscripts which BORI had and the vast resources it had to complete research. On the other hand KMG did a great Job and in those times and that man deserves an applause but still KMG is just below the hard work of BORINow, the other part who is better translator then again when it comes to grasping real meaning of shloka they have too erred and used English words which have often diluted the meaning.BORI to be clear has compiled Sanskrit sholka and manuscripts. Even you can go and translate after proper permissions and get it published. That won’t make you replace BORI it will only make you competitor to Bibek. You can even lay hands on sources of KMG and be competitor to him as well.BORI is above KMG because KMG is based on neelkanth commentary which itself in footnotes rejects many parts which KMG did not pay heed to like karna failure in Draupadi swaymwar.Those who accuse BORI ( don’t blame bibek at all he is translator and is he fails at points then find other expert if you know anyone) for skipping parts extra are neither aware of their process and how manuscripts are worked on.If still someone wants the missing part and that is the reason for KMG then why not southern edition it will have more details like karna failure in fine details.Again BORI missing guru dakshina which is irking someone will only highlight Arjuna and don’t worry even BORI has it in Vanaparva where Pandavas are the one who caught Drupad. So BORI has not missed at all.The funny criteria that a thing is in some version which we believe is older if not present in other version which we believe is new is illogical.KMG is no older than BORI technically. What we have to look at the editions and the manuscripts which they took care of . Not Birth certificate of KMG and bibek at all. Forget BIbek debroy for god sake and when he got it printed.BORI started work on it in 1919 and brought it in 1966 and after long research. Mind you they had access to much more than what KMG could ever imagine. It however doesn’t discredit KMG because he was one man funded by PC roy with help of british govt and others. Here BORI is an institute. So when did bibek brought his edition out makes no sense at all. what makes sense is what BORI did and when it started and what kind of Manuscripts it had.For all those loving KMG only because it has been harsh on Karna should see that KMG won’t change the basic storyline. It will have many plus of Pandavas too. Then even the southern version will ask you why we which are much older than KMG and have a rich tradition should be left out? Be prepared for that one.Remember again KMG was a great translator but he was not author of the book. Always refer to Neelkanth commentary and on what it was based and what interpolations crept in it. Also we should be careful in seeing that original means here the original manuscripts on which they were based and here BORI will have same as KMG and quite more.	I opine that if you read KMG, you will get the translation of all the slokas in american english and you will get all the details of the entire epic, On the contrary, if you read the Bibek Debroy some points will put into confusion. At some occasions he has made elaborate description of different episodes whereas at other points you will find him writing the gist of the entire scene. You can’t find the details about the Guru Dakshina demanded by Drona to his pupil. You will not find the details about how different kings attempted during Draupadi Swayamvara. You will not find the texts describing how Bhima stood like Hanuman lifting the Himavat when attacked by Karna and when the latter dragged him by the edge of his bow, how Bhima challenged him for a duel. You will not find how Arjuna challenged Karna before killing his son on the 17th day of the war. You will not even find how Krishna warns Arjuna that Karna was equal or perhaps superior to Arjuna. The essence of the battle between Karna and Arjuna was completely missing as he has not described the important lines when Karna used Aswasena without knowing that and the request of Aswasen to invoke him at Arjuna again to which Karna refused. There is no mention that Karna broke the strings of Arjuna 11 times and that before getting down his chariot Karna made Arjuna senseless. He also removes the lines that when Karna was extricating his wheel, he was beheaded by Arjuna’s Anjalika. But, Bibek Debroy failed to remove these reference lines from Shalya Parva, Stree Parva etc which clearly mentions that Karna was killed in most deceitful manner when he was without arms and extricating the wheel of his car. There are so many points which would look as if Bibek Debroy had tried categorically to remove the slokas in praise of Karna. But the intentions are clearly made out as in other occasions the cross references prove his intentions. In KMG you can easily find that Karna’s son Vrisasen had defeated Nakula on 17th day of war but that line is missing in Bibek Debroy. So, I believe one should read KMG which is quite older and without much interpolations. There are scores of such lines which are missing in Bibek Debroy’s text. So, better go for KMG.	Kishari Mohan Ganguly's translated Mahabharata is far better than translated by Bibek Debroy.Mahabharata translated by Bibek Debroy is very low grade and below standard.K.M. Ganguly's translated Mahabharata is from authentic source of sanskrit mahabharata containing all one lakh verses and translated verse by verse in classical way. Bibek Debroy's translated Mahabharata from BORI's Critical edition of Mahabharata. BORI's CE of Mahabharata is unauthentic, Original Mahabharata had one lakh verses,wereas it has ninety thousand verses,it reduces ten thousand verses and altered many true incident.BORI's1.CE in sanskrit2.Its hindi translation by Pundit S.D Satwalekar and3 Its english translation of Bibek Debroy ,all are rejected by readers.The best english translation of Mahabharata is by M.N.Dutt,it is written in very simple and easy language.	I prefer BORI artical edition translated by Bibek Debroy. In my opinion it is better - reason being the source material.Critical edition considers both northern and southern recensions and reconciles both on the basis of diligent scholastic research and logical interpretation. Bibek Debroy translated it in more modern and simpler englishWhile Kisari Mohan Ganguli only considered the Northern recenssion in his translation but tries to maintain the essence of the verse by using prosaic english.	Read both. While KMG’s version is free, the BORI version by Debroy is available for a price. It does take time, though!You can conclude for yourself regarding the epic, its version differences and more.-Vasu-	
Who was Uluka in the Mahabharat Who killed him	We find Uluka a kingdom which was made to pay the tax to Arjuna for the Rajsuya yajna of Yudhisthira.So it is out of question to have been Killed by any one.The Son of Shakuni whose name is Uluka, was sent in the night before the war started next day by Duryodhana and conveyed very harsh words of Duryodhana regarding each Pandava and also about Lord Krishna.He was killed by Sahdeva before killing Shakuni on 18 th day of war.Shakuni was agrieved much seeing him killed when Shakuni was running away in terror but seeing his son Uluka killed, Shakuni started to fight and was killed also by Sahdeva.	
What does Shri Krishna suggest for things that are crucial for life	Sri Krishna has shown how the “The art of detachment “ which is only mastered by one who has known his true self is important to live a life full of “life” . According to him “The mind which oscillates between good and bad is the real problem” All problems are due to eccentricity we create due to ignorance…By following Bhagawat Geeta it is possible to make mind “Centric”	The Bhagavad GitaThe way of How to live life !The Solution of Every Problems !The meaning of life !The Song of God Krishna !The Guide of God for Mankind !Actually The Role of Arjuna in The Gita was of a common person who has lots of questions in mind about what to do and don't in any situations that should be faced by everyone in his/her entire journey of the life. The God Krishna tries to address all the possible questions or problems or thoughts that arise in everyone's life.The Gita is the guide in which you will find all the Answers of your questions, Problems or queries, You just need to understand The Meaning of Gita as per your situation. That's the actual way to understand the Gita.God Krishna is the Teacher of the whole Universe. The Gita is the available guide for the mankind. He tries to teach you what is life, the purpose of the life and what after the life through the Gita…https://play.google.com/store/ap...Have you ever read The Bhagavad Gita? No ?  then you should read it right now.The Bhagavad Gita explains the truth of life, the meaning of life, the values of life, the purpose of life, the way how to live life.The Gita is the Greatest Book for mankind.Are you worrying of language difference? Here's the link of App that will provide The Bhagavad Gita in multiple languages. So download the App and read it now..https://play.google.com/store/ap...	
In the Kurukshetra War we frequently see the name of a warrior named Sala Who is he Is he same the as Shalya of Madra	Shala is third son of Somadatta, who is cousin of Bhisma Pitamaha. Shala is youngest of three brothers namely, Bhoorishravas, Bhoori and Shala.Shalya is different. He is elder brother of Madri, mother of Nakula and Sahadeva.	
What is the role of Aryaka in the Mahabharata	Aryaka was grandfather of Kunti's maternal grandfather and he was the one who gave Somras to Bhima in Naglok. After drinking 10 pots of Somras, Bhima got powers og 10000 elephants. Earlier both Duryodhana and Bhima had a power of 1000 elephants but after that Bhima became 10 times more powerful than Duryodhana.	
Did Lord Krishna believe in going with the flow philosophy of life	The Bhagavad GitaThe way of How to live life !The Solution of Every Problems !The meaning of life !The Song of God Krishna !The Guide of God for Mankind !Actually The Role of Arjuna in The Gita was of a common person who has lots of questions in mind about what to do and don't in any situations that should be faced by everyone in his/her entire journey of the life. The God Krishna tries to address all the possible questions or problems or thoughts that arise in everyone's life.The Gita is the guide in which you will find all the Answers of your questions, Problems or queries, You just need to understand The Meaning of Gita as per your situation. That's the actual way to understand the Gita.God Krishna is the Teacher of the whole Universe. The Gita is the available guide for the mankind. He tries to teach you what is life, the purpose of the life and what after the life through the Gita…https://play.google.com/store/ap...Have you ever read The Bhagavad Gita? No ?  then you should read it right now.The Bhagavad Gita explains the truth of life, the meaning of life, the values of life, the purpose of life, the way how to live life.The Gita is the Greatest Book for mankind.Are you worrying of language difference? Here's the link of App that will provide The Bhagavad Gita in multiple languages. So download the App and read it now..https://play.google.com/store/ap...	
Why are there so few paintings of Krishna as a warrior	Awesome question. Today only we are celebrating krishna janmashtami. Coming to your question, Actually, Lord Krishna is treated as advisor and supporter and leader more than a warrior because he killed so many demons and giants in his childhood only, where he fought some minor wars head to head. But when come to Kurukshetra he only said he would not fight and would not pick up any weapons in war. He always used to be charioteer for Arjuna and suggested him to how to war and which way to war.He got succeeded using his mind only and not with weapons because Lord Krishna would always do so many magics and Mayas and change the entire situation into dharma way and in right way. So he need not fight with weapons and not to be treated as the warrior in opinion.Moreover Lord Krishna is very very beautiful with Flute in his hand rather than a weapon.This is why I thought there so few paintings of Krishna as a warrior.Thank you.	
How does the mention of real locations make a story like the Mahabharata Ramayana etc real By that logic even Singham would be a real story wouldnt it be	Well,Let’s take THIS story:Long long ago, not so long ago, there was a tiny single cell called Zygote. Forget whether Sri Krishna created it, or any other God created it, or it itself evolved upon Darwin’s inspiration. The Zygote did not care who created it, or how it was formed. It did not care if its mother and father were legal couple or a one night stand. It did not care to know the coordinates of the womb that it was going to reside for months.It “grew”, all of a sudden. How? It amassed the bits of matter, air, water - all of which belong to this planet and the mother. It did not do a single activity to earn what it became extra, to rightfully deserve all that. It was someone else’s mercy that it grew. Still, egoistically, it thought, “I grew”.One fine day, it was excreted by its mother, for the unbearable pain of holding it in any longer. And lo and behold, there born a new human being.The new baby is now called “Mr/Ms XYZ”. It was born in a place called “ABCD”, on a date “DD/MM/YYYY”. The Zygote now got a birth certificate, stamped by other Zygotes who also bloated themselves with names and identities out of nothing. All of them have “verifiable identities”. They are all “living humans”. They now treat the single cell living beings as “bacteria” and look down at them with disgust.The Zygote without a real identity of its own, grew even bigger. How? It ate. It amassed even bigger pile of non-living matter on the face of earth. It grew to whopping 100kg. Then it called “all of this is myself”. And my name is “Mr/Ms XYZ”.Some logical person questioned it..a part of what you are was a tree, was another animal. How it is You? In fact, all of what you are calling you was some other person, being, plant or something with a different identity. What makes you call it you?The Zygote laughed egoistically. It then said in low voice: “This is all I am, because I think this is all I am. I call this I am, because I am giving this my name, a pseudo-identity, to all this stuff that belonged to others. This matter existed even long before I was born. Still, I call it all mine, and attach my date of birth to it, because, this is how my identity has an existence. I can not go by what is real and what is fake, for when I do, I myself would need to admit that I am fake.”“So, my dear”, it then told the logical person, “this is how I live. I steal identities and question all those who have their own original identity.”Let me re-tell the story.There was once a man who had no identity. Who is not a human at all. He had no real name for him, of his own. He had no real place of birth for him. He had no mother, no father with real identities of their own. He does not know who he is. Everything of him is made up, fake, theft identity. His whole story is fabricated.He comes to question the Iti-Hasa (meaning, “this is exactly how it happened” description of a historical event) of the Almighty who created everything, including the magic of transforming a Zygote into a bloated 100kg walking corpse.What can we say!For you, there is no need to debate on Ramayana or Mahabharata’s reality. Just reconsider your reality without your ego & prejudice, stripping off all the surreal layers of yourself.Once you know who you are, you’ll also know that Mahabharata is real.	Glad to see that at least some people are using their brains.Mahabharata and Ramayana do not constitute history. They may have been based on some actual historical event, but we have no concrete proof of their occurrence.They are fictions, which were meant to be allegorical tales. They were never meant to be, nor they should be, interpreted literally. You can learn a lot of things from these epics, but history is not one of them.Ultimately, people believe what they want to believe. Some people hold that acknowledging Ramayana and Mahabharata to be mythic tales will somehow diminish the epics’ importance and/or relevance. That is why they keep on trying to convince themselves that these ancient works are somehow proofs of historicity.	
What are the questions that Arjuna asked to God in the Bhagavad Gita How many questions did he ask in total in the Bhagavad Gita How many points did Arjuna specifically raise in those questions	The Bhagavad GitaThe way of How to live life !The Solution of Every Problems !The meaning of life !The Song of God Krishna !The Guide of God for Mankind !Actually The Role of Arjuna in The Gita was of a common person who has lots of questions in mind about what to do and don't in any situations that should be faced by everyone in his/her entire journey of the life. The God Krishna tries to address all the possible questions or problems or thoughts that arise in everyone's life.The Gita is the guide in which you will find all the Answers of your questions, Problems or queries, You just need to understand The Meaning of Gita as per your situation. That's the actual way to understand the Gita.God Krishna is the Teacher of the whole Universe. The Gita is the available guide for the mankind. He tries to teach you what is life, the purpose of the life and what after the life through the Gita…https://play.google.com/store/ap...Have you ever read The Bhagavad Gita? No ?  then you should read it right now.The Bhagavad Gita explains the truth of life, the meaning of life, the values of life, the purpose of life, the way how to live life.The Gita is the Greatest Book for mankind.Are you worrying of language difference? Here's the link of App that will provide The Bhagavad Gita in multiple languages. So download the App and read it now..https://play.google.com/store/ap...	BHAGVAD GITA is surely question and answers only , but what questions are asked i will briefly tell about:GOD AND REAL DHARMAbody mind and soul( atma)different yoga systems to connect to GOD againbest yoga system is Bhakti YOGAwhat are best actions , karma, results and what should be our motives to dowhat is higher life than just eating , sleeping , mating, defendingwhat is nature of GOD, SPIRITUAL world, material worldwhat are the lives of different category of peoples and animalswhat are the destinations of the people according to the actions they perform.finally how to act for the pleasure of KRISHNA, how to surrender to Him and develop love for Him and what are the benefits of doing that.more is here:Bhagavad_Gita_As_It_Is_2.pdfBhagavad-gita As It Is by A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada in Hindi Bhagavad-gita Yatharupa Yatharup Yatahroop 1980 ORIGINAL UNEDITED.pdfhttp://bhagavad-gita.in/Download...	Very simple bro. I can understand that you are more interested in knowing what he asked rather than what we can learn.So, to be specific to your answer, go to a library, read Bhagavad Gita and get your answer yourself. Because no one reads Bhagavad-Gita to count something.	
Which is better Norton Critical Edition or Worldview Critical Edition	I found some but only this link can be instant download:Paradise Lost	I found some but only this link can be instant download:Heart of Darkness (Norton Critical Editions) 4th Edition	
Is it bad that I dont believe in God and that I just believe in one creator and find Mahabharat and Ramayana just stories for us to learn from 1	Is it bad that I don’t believe in God and that I just believe in one creator and find Mahabharat and Ramayana just stories for us to learn from?I don’t know where you live and whether or not you can be judged for not believing. All I know is that I live in the U.S. and I was a Christian for 64 years and just lost my faith last year. I don’t believe in any gods now. I think each person has a right to believe or not believe—that religion should never be a requirement. I will admit to you, though, that I have only told a few people that I no longer believe. It seems to save me trouble if I don’t tell everyone. I still get together with Christian friends. I just have never mentioned the fact that I don’t believe anymore. They would probably feel bad and wonder how I could have lost my faith. So I save myself a big discussion.	No, it is not bad.One of my quarrels with religions is that each says it has the only perfect answers, and then it creates what is, in effect, a system of bullying to increase the number of its adherents.I have not seen any religion with a perfect set of answers.Your family or community may be exerting pressure for you to adhere to certain traditions. Whether or not you choose to do so is up to you. No one can force you to believe anything!	
If Bhishma Pitamah vows to stand for justice dharma why does he stand with Kauravas	Bhishma did not make any vow to stand for justice. Neither did he make any vow to protect whoever sits on the throne of Hastinapur.He only made two vows -He will never marry and have children of his ownHeir to throne of Hastinapur will be Satyavati's sons and their descendants. (Kouravas and Pandavas both were Satyavati's son descendants and Yudhishthir had higher claim as Pandu was made King in the next generation)After DyutSabha Duryodhan gets scared of Pandavas wrath so he asks Dronachary, Ashvatthama, Kripachary and Bhishma to protect him. he asks very nicely and politely and they agree.In any case in the Dyutsabha itself they had decided to take Duryodhan's side and Bhishma had openly stated to Draupadi that “ways of Dharma are defined by the powerful and not the weak even if the weak are right. And now Duryodhan is powerful, if you want you can confirm with your husband Yudhisthir, he is supposed to be the most knowledgeable on Dharma”So Bhishma chose Duryodhan willingly and acknowledged him as right simply because he felt Duryodhan had the political power.	To appreciate this aspect, a lot of Bhishma’s life has to be understood. I will briefly touch upon that aspect. When he was young, he was handed over to his father by Ganga saying that he won’t bear a child due to a curse. King Shantanu wanted to marry Satyavati and the condition was that her progeny will be future kings. Bhishma vowed to never marry to ensure that her progeny will be kings and he will be the caretaker of the kingdom based out of Hastinapura.Two children of Satyavati were killed without kids. He had to struggle to bring next generation of kids. Next generation, Dhritarashtra is blind and Pandu dies due to a curse. He is taking care of 100+5 kids. Ideally, Yudhishtira is the next to the throne but due to the selfishness of Dhritarashtra, division happens. Later, the story of gambles etc happens.Bhishma did not go with Pandavas because:Bhishma knows it all. The purpose of Krishna avatar is to kill kings who were the incarnations of demons. Till the time Dhuryodhana does not have some strong reasons to fight, he won’t wage war with Pandavas and till that does not happen, evil won’t end. Therefore, he stood with Dhuryodhana to ensure Krishna’s avatara lakshya is met.Bhishma knows that he has to die in the hands of Sikhandi. He is aware of the boon Sikhandi (as Amba in previous birth) received from Lord Siva. Since Sikhandi is born as daughter to Drupada and he will fight on behalf of pandavas, Bhishma had to be on the opposite side.Due to these reasons, he sided with Kauravas. Note that he did not deviate from Dharma to do this. He was well within his dharma.	
Was Bhishma ever defeated	He was defeated by Both Arjuna and Pradyumna. First let us deal with pradyumnaonce Jarasandha convinced Duryodhna to ally with him. Timeline is not clear but it might be after karna impressed Jarasandha by defeating him or it could be earlier. So, under Jarasandha a grand alliance of Duryodhana, karna, Bhsihma, Rukmi, Shalya etc attacked Krishna.Then Pradyumna came forward and faced that attack. He defeated Karna and others. He then used his powers of illusion and captured them all. He tied them with divine rope he had received from Shiva and threw them all in cave of illusions. Read carefully son of Ganga Bhishma here among those defeated and captured.pramathya tarasA karNaM yatantaM raNamUrdhani |jagrAha balavAnkArShNiH prasphurantaM tatastataH ||2-84-47the powerful son of kR^iShNa, (pradyumna), at the front of the battle, oppressed karNa who was trying hard for victory in the battlefield and caught him, who was struggling.vinadya cha guhAM vIro ghorAM mAyAmayIM nR^ipa |duryodhanaM cha rAjAnaM virATadrupadAvapi ||2-84-48O king! (janamejaya! vaishampAyana continued) and threw him into the terrible cave of illusion. In the same way (he caught) king duryodhana, virATa, drupada,shakuniM chaiva shalyaM cha nIlaM chApi nadIsutam |vindAnuvindau rAjAnau jarAsaMdhaM cha bhArata ||2-84-49shakuni, and shalya, nIla and also the son of the river (bhIShma), the kings vinda and anuvinda as well as jarAsaMdhatrigartAnmAlavAMshchaiva vAsantyAMshcha mahAbalAn |dhR^iShTadyumnAdikAMshchaiva pA~nchAlAnastrakovidAn ||2-84-50Now let us come to Arjuna. He defeated Bhishma at virat twice and then he defeated Bhishma at kurukshetra war on third day itself. Read this and cofirmThen when darkness was about to set in, there arose among the Kuru troops a great and terrible uproar. And all said, 'In today's battle Arjuna hath slain ten thousand car-warriors, and full seven hundred elephants. And all the westerners, and the diverse tribes of the Sauviras, and the Kshudrakas and the Malavas, have all been slain. The feat achieved by Dhananjaya is a mighty one. None else is competent to achieve it. Srutayush, the ruler of the Amvashtas, and Durmarshana, and Chitrasena, and Drona, and Kripa, and the ruler of the Sindhus, and Valhika, and Bhurisravas, and Salya, and Sala, O king, and other warriors by hundreds united together, along with Bhishma himself, have on battle, by the prowess of his own arms, been vanquished today by the angry son of Pritha, viz., Kiritin, that one mighty car-warrior in the world.' Talking thus, O Bharata, all the warriors of thy side went to their tents from the field of battle. And all the combatants of the Kuru army frightened by Kiritin, then entered their tents illumined by thousands of torches, and beautified by innumerable lamps.I am excluding the final battle because people will bring shikandi and it was always debatable thing. However if anyone interested read this oneAnmol Kumar Sharma's answer to What is the exact manner of Bhishma's defeat at the hands of Arjuna?Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to What were the reasons Arjuna couldn't defeat Bhishmarcharya in Kurushetra war?Edit Bhishma defeated Parshurama is used a lot to prove no one could ever defeat him but we should not forget that Parshurama had first defeated him and he fell on chariot but was helped by Ganga mata and Vasus who reminded him Praswapan and thatwas the reason of victory.SourceBORI CE as translated by bibek debroy Bhishma parvaHarivamsha puran vishnu parva http://mahabharata-resources.org...Gita press gorakhpur	Bhishma Pitaamah or Devavratta was defeated on the tenth day of battle of Kurukshetra by Kunti Putra Arjuna with assistance of Shikhandi(previously Shikhandini), his brother-in-law as a shield . This strategy was devised by Lord Krishna himself, who knew that Shikhandi was reincarnation of Amba, who cursed Bhishma Pitaamah and vowed to take birth at the time when she will be capable of killing him and will be his end cause. She prayed to Lord Shiva who was pleased with her devotion and granted her a garland of Blue Lotus and told her that whoever will wear the garland will be the cause of destruction of Bhishma. She took the garland and hang the garland at the gates of King Drupad. She then performed tapasyaa for years and cast her body. After many decades passed , she took birth in house of King Draupad as her daughter Shikhandini. However, as instructed by Lord Shiva, Drupad brought up Shikhandini as a son and was trained in warfare. One day she saw garland hanging on the gates and she took the garland and hung it around her neck. Seeing her wearing the garland and in fear of facing Bhishma Pitaamah as enemy, he had to banish Shikhandini to forest. In forest, Shikhandini performed tapasyaa and changed her sex from woman to man and took the name of Shikhandi.In the battle of Kurukshetra, Lord Krishna reminds Arjuna of this fact and tells him to use Shikhandi as shield as he was aware of the oath of Bhishma that he will never raise a weapon against a woman. Taking advantage of the fact, Arjuna uses Shikhandi as a shield. Seeing Shikhandi , Bhishma recognised Shikhandi as Amba from previous birth and put down his weapons. Taking advantage, Arjuna showered hundreds of arrows towards Bhishma and he got hit by them and fell on bed of arrows. He was defeated but he didn't die since he had the boon of choosing his time of death given by his mother Ganga. And he remained alive till the end of battle of Kurukshetra and imparted the knowledge of rule and Dharma of king to Yudhisthira and left for his heavenly abode.It is one of the versions of Mahabharat I came to know…	Bhishma could only be defeated or Killed if he wishes so.In this sense, he was defeated and killed.Defeated by Arjuna, Abhimanyu.Killed by wounds of Sikhandi & Arjuna on the time of his choice.Nobody can defeat Bhishma if he does not wish for defeat.This man defeated his Guru Parashurama in battle.A God himself.	Bhishma was defeated on the most important day of his life…(By “most important”, I mean the very day he took his famous vows and received a boon from his father to die only by desire.)Who defeated Bhishma ?It was none other than the mighty Bheeshma himself and more specifically his own “tongue”.Bheeshma got his name from the magnitude of the vows that he took.The vows to not sit on the throne, and stay unmarried and childless for life did not do much harm to the great, selfless and detached Bheeshma. It was the part where he vowed to serve the person sitting on the throne “unconditionally”, which ruined his life.This one word “unconditionally” defeated, embarrassed, and killed Bhishma every single time he tried to do the right thing.A man is not defeated by weapons or physical strength, he is defeated by his inability to do what he thinks is right.In Bheeshma's case, he was forced to act like a slave to the fool Dritrashtra, who was blind not only physically but also emotionally and spiritually. In spite of knowing that he was on the side of Adharma he had to support it, not just during the war, but every single time he saw the king being partial to his favourite son Duryodhana, for example when Draupadi was being disrobed in front of him and he couldn't do or say anything. Therefore all his warrior skills, tactics, knowledge and experience were useless to him as he could not get out of the slavery that he had invited upon himself.To add to his misery, his own father blessed him with a boon which made him “virtually” immortal. This was a curse in disguise.Bhishma couldn't even die in peace because of the combined effect of his vow and his father's boon-cum-curse.So forget about all those wars that he won on the battleground. He even defeated Parshurama who was basically an aspect of God Almighty. But he could not defeat his own tongue.Hard Luck..	Namaskaram.It is said that nobody could defeat Bhishma. Althought he was defeated by Amba. And that was the deepest arrow in his body.	
Why did Arjuna blow the Devadatta Conch	Devadatta (also known as Varuna Shankha) was a gift to Arjuna from Varuna. This was a heavenly gift. When Arjuna prayed to the heaven gods in between his exile, He got gifts from them, which were immensely powerful. He got his powerful bow “Gandiva” from Indra and the conch shell from Varuna.The shanknaad or ghosh of Devdutta averted natural disasters & destroyed negative thoughts from the mind .Arjun blew this conch which made a loud sound which made enemies shiver.This was once of tactics used in the war. “Scare the enemies and lower their self esteem”.Truly, Arjuna was great Warrior.Source: Google ImagesAlso Read - Why did Lord Rama take an oath of marrying only once as polygamy was socially acceptable that time? Weren't matrimonial alliances in vogue back then as his father married more than once? by Bhavya Walecha Bhavya Walecha's answer to Why did Lord Rama take an oath of marrying only once as polygamy was socially acceptable that time? Weren't matrimonial alliances in vogue back then as his father married more than once?	
Was Karna rejected by Draupadi or he couldnt lift the bow in her Swayambar	Thanks for A2A. I have written this many times and just copying the same stuff from one of my old answer.I can just provide my research data and analysis - In my knowledge and understanding Draupadi didn’t rejected any one.Karna failed to string the bow.But his participation in the marriage ceremony is a matter of debate and some people claim he just went there to accompany Duryodhana and not as suitor.But keeping it aside lets go through the finding -The accusation - Draupadi didn’t allowed Karna to participate in the archery test in her self-choice ceremony!!!Well this is very debatable - The unabridged translation of Kishor Mohan Ganguli does mention this event.But alongside it also contains two separate statement which says Karna failed to string the bow.The condition of winning Draupadi’s hand -“And when that vast amphitheatre, O monarch, became perfectly still, Dhrishtadyumna possessed of a voice deep as the sound of the kettledrum or the clouds, taking hold of his sister's arm, stood in the midst of that concourse, and said, with a voice loud and deep as the roar of the clouds, these charming words of excellent import, 'Hear ye assembled kings, this is the bow, that is the mark, and these are the arrows. Shoot the mark through the orifice of the machine with these five sharpened arrows. Truly do I say that, possessed of lineage, beauty of persons, and strength whoever achieveth this great feat shall obtain today this my sister, Krishna for his wife.' Having thus spoken unto the assembled monarchs Drupada's son then addressed his sister, reciting unto her the names and lineages and achievements of those assembled lords of the earth.'"[Ref - Adi Parva: Swayamvara Parva: Section CLXXXVII]Note - The criteria is to succeed the test to win Draupadi’s hand.Presence of Karna -“"Dhrishtadyumna said, 'Duryodhana, Durvisaha, Durmukha and Dushpradharshana, Vivinsati, Vikarna, Saha, and Duhsasana; Yuyutsu and Vayuvega and Bhimavegarava; Ugrayudha, Valaki, Kanakayu, and Virochana, Sukundala, Chitrasena, Suvarcha, and Kanakadhwaja; Nandaka, and Vahusali, and Tuhunda, and Vikata; these, O sister, and many other mighty sons of Dhritarashtra--all heroes--accompanied by Karna, have come for thy hand. ”[Ref - Adi Parva: Swayamvara Parva: Section CLXXXVIII]Note - Now if Karna was not eligible for marriage then why would they invite him and allow him to seat as he gets a mention here in the list.Or if he was uninvited and came to give company to Duryodhana then it becomes a completely different case.Mention of first failure -“Then those princes--Karna, Duryodhana, Salwa, Salya, Aswatthaman, Kratha, Sunitha, Vakra, the ruler of Kalinga and Banga, Pandya, Paundra, the ruler of Videha, the chief of the Yavanas, and many other sons and grandsons of kings,--sovereigns of territories with eyes like lotus-petals,--one after another began to exhibit prowess for (winning) that maiden of unrivalled beauty. Adorned with crowns, garlands, bracelets, and other ornaments, endued with mighty arms, possessed of prowess and vigour and bursting with strength and energy, those princes could not, even in imagination, string that bow of extraordinary stiffness.”[Ref - Adi Parva: Swayamvara Parva: Section CLXXXIX]Note - Duryodhana had a brother whose name was Karna. But he was not that famous that he would get a mention alongside the likes of Duryodhana, Salya, Aswatthaman etc.Then The Rejection -“And beholding the plight of those monarchs, Karna that foremost of all wielders of the bow went to where the bow was, and quickly raising it strung it and placed the arrows on the string. And beholding the son of Surya--Karna of the Suta tribe--like unto fire, or Soma, or Surya himself, resolved to shoot the mark, those foremost of bowmen--the sons of Pandu--regarded the mark as already shot and brought down upon the ground. But seeing Karna, Draupadi loudly said, 'I will not select a Suta for my lord.' Then Karna, laughing in vexation and casting glance at the Sun, threw aside the bow already drawn to a circle.”[Ref - Adi Parva: Swayamvara Parva: Section CLXXXIX]Then the mention of second Failure -“Then Arjuna approached the bow and stood there like a mountain. And walking round that bow, and bending his head unto that giver of boons--the lord Isana--and remembering Krishna also, he took it up. And that bow which Rukma, Sunitha, Vakra, Radha's son, Duryodhana, Salya, and many other kings accomplished in the science and practice of arms, could not even with great exertion, string, Arjuna, the son of Indra, that foremost of all persons endued with energy and like unto the younger brother of Indra (Vishnu) in might, strung in the twinkling of an eye. ”[Ref - Adi Parva: Swayamvara Parva: Section CLXL]Note - Radha had many sons but it was obvious that Radha’s son Karna could be the only one who could get a mention alongside the likes of Salya, Duryodhana etc.So the entire text is very inconsistent.The critical edition of Mahabharata removed the statement where Draupadi called him as Sutaputra.Instead it just gave a hint of failure of Karna -“On seeing Partha advance, with a complexion resplendent like that of Indra’s flag, the chief Brahmanas shook their deerskins and created a loud uproar. Some of them were pleased. Others were displeased. Others among them, who lived by their wisdom and were wise, told each other, “O Brahmanas! If Kshatriyas like Karna and Shalya, who are famous in the world, have great strength and are well versed in Dhanur Veda,22 could not string the bow, how can this weakling Brahmana, with no knowledge of weapons, succeed?”Ref - Translated by Bibek Debroy. The Mahabharata: Volume 1 (p. 445). Penguin Books Ltd. Kindle Edition. ”Now obviously it doesn’t answer how could a great or celebrated archer like Karna who was often classified with Arjuna, Krishna or Bhisma failed to string a bow.What is the logic behind this or how it is possible?Now first place BORI doesn’t mention how or why he failed. It just another failure - that’s it - He couldn’t string the bow.Mahabharata retold by C. Rajagopalachari (The last governor general of India)-“When Karna came forward , all assemblage expected that he would be successful but he failed by just a hair’s breadth and string slid back flashing and the mighty bow jumped out of his hands like thing of life”.[Ref - http://www.gita-society.com/pdf2...]Due to language issue I still haven’t read the southern edition.But since C. Rajagopalachari was a fluent in both english and Tamil language, it’s my assumption that his works probably has influence of MSS from Southern recension of Mahabharata.I would love to give some exemplary imagination which are part of different folklore or abridged version I have encountered with.Remember this are unauthenticated folklore versions I am providing just to give some popular imagination why Karna could have failed-According to Bengali folklore version by Kashiram Das (16th century poet) it was due to Krishna’s Sudarshan Chakra the arrow shot by Karna unable to hit target.The justification was Karna was shooting on behalf of Duryodhana. In fact here Drona or Bhisma were also present and they had also tried to shoot on behalf Duryodhana.[Ref - Dhristadyumna opens the challenge for all]According to Malayalam folklore regional version Bharatamala - Bharatamala of the poet Sankaran is a summary of Mahabharata in Malayalam dated from the fifteenth century. The narration is in the verse form called Patt (song), each Patt consisting of four lines.Jarasandha, Salya, Sisupala and Karna are mentioned among those who failed the test at Pancali swayamvara.[Ref - http://mahabharata-resources.org...]According to another Malayalam version Cherusseri Bharatham (Bharatagatha) Authored by Ponathil Sankaran Nambidi during the reign of Udyavarman Kolathiri - M.E 621 to 640 (A.D 1446 to 1465)[Ref - http://mahabharata-resources.org...] -For an instant, Draupadi looks at Karna with desire. Looking for Arjuna, She confuses Karna (Kunti's son is the word used here) for Arjuna.Karna fails in his attempt because of Krishna's act (no elaboration of what this act is).According to Sarala Das Mahabharata (15th-century poet Odia poet)-Karna went to participate on behalf of Duryodhana and failed to hit the target.The reference I have is not the original text. I have reference to blog of a researcher who researched on Sarala Das Mahabharata and written several post on different aspects.[Ref - WHY DID KARNA WANT TO KILL ARJUNA]According to the commentary of M.V.Subrahmanyam - It is an English commentary on Telegu translation of Mahabharata of Sanskrit Epic. [Ref - Maha Bharat in Telugu and English by Sri M V Subrahmanyam]The epic was translated into Telugu (a Regional Language of South India) by Sri Nannaya BhattaarakuDu, Sri Tikkana Somayaaji, Sri Yerra Pragada.Nannaya Bhattaraka (sometimes spelled Nannayya or Nannaiah; ca. 11th century AD) is the earliest known Telugu author, and the author of the first third of the Andhra mahabharatam, a Telugu retelling of the Mahabharata [Ref - Nannayya - Wikipedia]“The Svayamvara function started. All the kings, one by one, were coming and going. Nobody was able even to lift that mighty bow, leave alone hitting Matsya Yantra. Mighty Personalities like Salya and Karna also failed to hit Matsya Yantra.”There is no rejection mentioned here.[Ref - Maha Bharat in Telugu and English by Sri M V Subrahmanyam]According to Mahabharata-Tatparya-Nirnaya by Acharya Madhva - A critical edition of the oldest datable commentary on the Mahabharata (CE 1238–1317) -“Many kings left with him without staying back for the competition. Karna on behalf of Duryodhana lifted the bow and started stringing it. By the grace of education he had received from Parashurama, he succeeded in pulling it so close that the gap was as less as a hair.”The note section of the translation gave certain analytical insights (Not part of original works of Madhava Acharya) -When all the mighty strong-men failed, Karna who was famous as an expert warrior rushed to the stage. It has to be noted that he was not longing to wed Drauapdi. He had intended to give Drauapadi to Suyodhana, if he won the competition. Karna succeeded better than everyone else. He was able to pull it so close that a hairline gap was left – due to the education he had received from Sri Parashurama.Some editions of Mahabharata mentions that when Karna reached the stage, Draupadi said ‘nAhaM varayAmi sUtam’ ( I will not marry the charioteer) . But according to the researched version of Mahabharata from Bhandarkar Oriental research institute this incident is interpolated. This is like rendering of the fact that Srimad Acharya’s conclusion is the most applicable.[Ref - http://www.dvaipayana.net/mbtn-t...][Ref - Mahabharata Tatparya Nirnaya in English Translation]Remember again - this are some folklore imaginations on how Karna could have failed in case he had participated.The point here is many of the above writers had actually glorified Karna in many ways (like Sarala Das) but even they never had any such thought that Draupadi rejecting Karna on the ground of being Suta caste. That is a very later addition!!!Obviously since these versions are retelling and folklore we shouldn’t make any assumptions on the basis of that. But it does give an idea what Sanskrit Canon manuscripts they have read before they had started writing their own version.Prof. Vishnu Sitaram Sukthankar, General Editor of BORI, published a detailed ‘Prolegomena’, to give an insight into the research and explain the various changes and usages of manuscripts in the Critical Edition. Here is an excerpt from his work, Prolegomena, Pg 65:More than usual interest attaches to another omission in the Bengali version, which concerns a well­known and popular scene describing the discomfiture of Karṇa at Draupadīs svayamvara, which is commonly believed to be one of the main reasons why he always entertained feelings of such deep and implacable hatred towards Kṛṣṇā (Draupadī), and lost thereafter no opportunity to hurt and humiliate her. This passage deserves a detailed consideration. Ramesh Chandra Dutt‚ who had to make a very careful selection of the incidents of the epic in compressing the story, has made this scene the centre of his poetic account of the marriage of Draupadī, and given a vivid rendering of the passage in his Epic of the Bharatas:"Uprose Karna‚ peerless archer, proudest of the archers he,And he went and strung the weapon, fixed the arrows gallantly,Stood like Surya in his splendour and like Agni in his flame,—Pandu's sons in terror whispered, Karna sure must hit the aim!But in proud and queenly accents Drupad's queenly daughter said:'Monarch's daughter, born a Kshatra, Suta's son I will not wed.’Karna heard with crimsoned forehead, left the emprise almost done,Left the bow already circled, silent gazed upon the Sun! "The situation is, undoubtedly, full of dramatic possibilities. Just at the moment when the prize was going to be snatched away from the heroes of the epic by an upstart, the brave little Draupadī comes to the rescue and snubs openly, in the presence of the assembled princes, the semi­divine bastard, the understudy of the Villain of the piece, the unwanted suitor, who thereupon withdraws discomfitted; and everybody breathes a sigh of relief. A tense scene!Unfortunately, this melo­dramatic interlude, to judge by the documentary evidence, appears to be the handiwork of a very late Vyāsaīd, as it is found only in K * Ñ2, Dn D2.4. c, that is, one manuscript of the K group, one Nepali manuscript, and three composite Devanāgarī manuscripts, besides the Nīlakaṇṭha version! All of these are late and inferior or conflated manuscripts. It is missing, on the other hand, not only in the Śāradā version and the Southern recension (as in the case of many of the interpolations of the Vulgate ), but for once, also in the entire Bengali version.It might seem a piece of sheer vandalism or perverseness to omit this seemingly beautiful little passage, which has won its way into peopled hearts, from any edition of the Great Epic of India, relying merely upon documentary evidence. A little reflection will, however, convince any one that the loss to the epic is not as serious as one might, at first, suppose, since it is a palpably jaked and thoroughly unreal situation. If one thinks about it at all, one fails to understand how Draupadī, who was, after all, then only an unexperienced maiden in her teens, had recognized the Kin g of Aṅgas (whom she had probably never seen before) and known him for the son of a coachman, unfit to wed a princess. He had been invited by her father. A t least he was given a seat of honour among the princes. He is specifically named by Dhṛṣṭadyumna among the suitors (1. 177. 4). Moreover, it does not appear as if the bride elect had much choice or voice in the matter, at the time of these elaborate and formal state functions notwithstanding that they were called svayarhvaras. She had to wed any competitor who excelled in the particular proficiency test which had been arranged by her father or guardian. She was vīryaśulkā: she was given by her guardian to the highest bidder, the price paid being heroism, or rather proficiency in marksmanship. This is quite evident from the words of Yudhiṣṭhira, addressed later to the Purohita of Drupada (1. 185. 23f.).We accordingly find, as a matter of fact, that without murmur or hesitation, she follows an unknown and apparently undistinguished Brahman boy—Arjuna in disguise—who happens to have hit the mark. She does not know him from Adam, but she makes no inquiries about his status or lineage. Even if this were regarded as a case of romantic love at first sight for the handsome and heroic bowman (which it certainly is not), she never opens her lips when Yudhiṣṭhira proposes that she should be the common wife of the five brothers, which must have shattered her romance to smithereens, but quietly submits to (what is made to appear) as a most unusual and unnatural, if not a shocking, proposal, and from which even her old father and brother recoil with perplexity and amazement. Itseems to me, therefore, that the documentary evidence is amply supported here by intrinsic probability.[Ref - http://gretil.sub.uni-goettingen...]Here he has given the justification why Draupadi calling Karna can be considered as interpolation and thus removed in Critical edition of Sanskrit Mahabharata. So that explains every thing!!!!As per BORI the insult or rejection is not available in entire Kumbakonam Edition of Mahabharata (Southern recension of Mahabharata ), Sarada and bengali manuscripts.As per most of the major South Indian scripts, also known as Southern Recension (like the Kumbhakonam Edition), Karna had failed to hit the target and it was mentioned in detail - just like C. Rajagopalachari has mentioned in his book.The failure is mentioned in even in the Sanskrit Mahabharata (Southern Recension), critically edited by P.P.S. Sastri. [Ref - http://www.dvaipayana.net/books/...]/ [pg- 289]Majority of current available Mahabharata works (Including KMG, Clay Sanskrit Library version) are mostly based on the particular/ famous Neelakantha Chaturdhara commentary (17th century) and that’s why majority of books contain that event.Bombay Edition was the most dominant Sanskrit Edition during 18th - 19th century in northern India and it has used Neelakantha commentary.The incident generally used as some sort of justification with revenge psychology to justify the action of Karna upto a certain extend during the dice game.Majority of present day Fictional Mahabharata retellings or TV Serials used this incident as Masala to increase TRPs.Neelkantha himself provided a footnote in his famous commentary Bhāratabhāvadīpa stating the failures of Radha’s son with clarification that he was none other Karna. [Ref - https://ia801802.us.archive.org/...]Similarly Gita press also provided a foot note on the issue.NeelKantha used all inclusive technique on the manuscripts that he had used - which means some of the manuscripts used by him had the corrupted reading.The point what I also wanted to mention -I have not came across with any pre-17th CE (Pre - Neelkantha) text which mentions the rejection by Draupadi - the reason I have provided the quote from different famous retelling which are basically pre-17th CE texts.None of the Puranic text mentioned Draupadi rejected any one during her marriage ceremony.To understand the different types of Manuscripts you must read the Prolegomena written by Vishnu Sitaram Sukthankar completely. I have provided the link.No where in the works of Mahabharata any character including Karna or Duryodhana ever mentioned that Draupadi rejected / insulted Karna.Also I would like to point out that apart from Aswamedha Parva there is no other script available for any other part of Mahabharata by sage Jamini in any language in India as of now.I doubt such thing ever existed because many regional retelling/ folklore versions used Jamini aswamedha parva as basis of their Aswamedha parva (such as 16th century poet Kasiram Das). If any other parva existed those authors would have surely used those parts as well.Point to be noted - Failure is part and parcel of human life. There is nothing to be ashamed of.But this case there is a twist brought into story to raise caste issue and then that is being used as some sort of justification to humiliate a lady in an opportunistic moment which probably happened 15–20 years minimum after the marriage ceremony incident.It’s like Draupadi is being shown as casteiest lady and who insulted a noble man and noble man took the revenge to make it an even!!!This is completely ridiculous and certain modern day mythologists are promoting this narration to sell the story.In original or close to original story whatever you say Draupadi was tormented during dice game because she was the wife of enemies - it is as simple as it is.Just for information -According to Indonesian Mahabharata it was Bhima who wins the hand of Draupadi by defeating an uncle of Draupadi in a duel.There is an awesome article written about Indonesian Mahabharata by Respected Mahabharata researcher Indrajit Bandyopadhyay [Ref - Variations in Indonesian Mahabharata]. I have quoted from that article.Over all it makes sense - either Karna didn’t participated at all or he failed in an attempt to win Draupadi for Duryodhana.It was not that Draupadi was just a beautiful lady and every one was trying to win her hand. With her marriage there is association of political clout of Drupada. So who ever marries Draupadi would have political alliance with Draupada.Therefore it make sense Duryodhana would have more than one reason to go for marriage ceremony and when he himself want to win Draupadi - the question is would Karna try to compete with Duryodhana who is his best friend or compliment him?Technically as per Bhagawata Purana, Karna also failed in Lakshmana’s Marriage ceremony where also an archery contest was done to select groom for Lakshmana - Krishna alone succeeded and won her hand.So as per scripture it was not his only failure.In fact Karna has a huge list of failure in battles in many places including the battle of Kurushetra and there is nothing illogical that he failed in archery test.Technically Draupadi would be at very young age and like other princesses she must have spent her majority of time in Palace away from any public gaze.Now think such a Young lady coming out and out right rejecting a King who was invited and allowed to seat by his own father - it just makes no sense.Draupadi’s rejection story was widely used like a 70’s Bollywood type stories where rich girl rejecting poor low caste man and one of the most widely used tool for caste politics.Regarding question on how could Karna failed to string the bow when he was known as a great archer -IMO Karna failed due to distraction.If we see how Arjuna performed - he came and then circumambulated the bow according to the rites and then bowed his head to the bow and then grasp it.The point is that his mind and sense was completely under control when the others kings lost in the physical beauty of Draupadi and in fact competed with friends and relatives.The love, devotion and respect Arjuna had for archery was unparalleled. It’s increases the ability to concentrate.For these reasons Arjuna succeeded in the test while the others failed.Further Karna was not that special person that out of 100 failures from different other kings, Vyas has to keep on mentioning Karna’s failure to provide cross reference.Just like other failures his failure was also not mentioned in details neither provided any cross reference.But still out of 100 failures - Karna and Shalya’s name was mentioned specially to only point out how tough the competition was that archer like Karna or Shalya couldn’t string the bow.There was no big implication alone on Karna’s failure to string the bow which makes it very less important event to be cross referred.But overall it was part of failure from Kouarava side to win the hand of Draupadi - that has political implication.The failure was in two part - first none of the warrior from Kourava side succeeded in test.Second, they failed to stop Bramhin from taking Draupadi - when the all kings together tried to burn her when she chose Arjuna - the bramhin in disguise.So overall Duryodhana failed to win the hand of Draupadi and she was won by Pandavas was mentioned multiple places.Karna’s failure in the archery test was part of the same mission and just like failure of Duryodhana or any other warrior from Kourava side was not mentioned with cross reference, Karna’s failure also doesn’t have any special cross reference.Karna’s failure doesn’t change any political status quo. Arjuna’s win definitely changes that - the political situation of the India.Therefore it is definitely logical that Karna’s failure won’t have any cross reference.But comparing this with Draupadi’s rejection is illogical.In modern days interpretations Draupadi’s rejection said to be one of the biggest event which actually makes Karna to abuse Draupadi during dice game event and that sets off the bigger conflict - (As per modern interpretation although).Now if the rejection was so big event then why it doesn’t have any cross reference? If it was due to the rejection of Draupadi only Karna abused (The way mockery is justified by modern authors) - then why would Vyas or any other character won’t provide any single cross reference to such big event?Not single character told Draupadi rejected or insulted Karna in the entire Mahabharata.	He was straightaway rejected by Draupadi. As mentioned in the original epic, he swiftly lifted the bow, tied the string and just as he was about to hit the fish's eye, Draupadi stood up and declared that she would never marry a Suta.To all those who are claiming Karna lost, I must tell you that half knowledge is especially dangerous. One of the hundered brothers of Duryodhana was also named Karna. Those people who claim he lost, had actually read only the part when Ved Vyas names that brother among the princes and claims them all lost together.But when you keep reading patiently, you reach this:This screenshot is taken from the original KMG translation.Kindly, hence, read before you claim something. I have patiently read Mahabharata’s 5000 pages. And done all sorts of cross-checking before hand. So before calling me out, be sure your sources are authetic, and you have read it all. I will not think twice before downvoting, collapsing or blocking your comments.	Tannishta Roy thanks for A2AI answered the question multiple times giving references from authentic Sanskrit texts. I will tell you the questions which I answered with references from authentic Sanskrit texts.Arnab Ghosh very elaborately analysed and presented every reference awailable including Sukthankar’s statement from prolegomena.The Questions I answered in this regard..1.Did Draupadi really used a vitriolic language against Karna in her Swayamvara? She had the right to refuse marrying Karna, but she could have done it in a humble way rather than calling him sutaputra?2,If Karna would have been allowed to shoot an arrow on that fish during Draupadi's Swayamvar, then would Draupadi be the wife of Karna?So please go through my answers for references.In brief I will sum up my presentation..1.Gita Press clarified in Foot note that Karna failed to achieve the feat.Pandit Ram Narayan ji Who translated Gita press version included the controversial verse but in his footnote stated the fact that Karna failed in his attempt.2.Nilakantha chaturdhar though included the verse..naaham varayami ..mentioned in the footnote that in the list of those who failed Radheya refers to Karna only.3.Southern Editions elaborately described how Karna missed the target by hairbreadth distance.dhanurabhyAshamAgamya tolayAmAsa taddhanuH .. 1\-202\-34 (8970)taM chApyAropyamANaM tadromamAtre.abhyatADayat .Here romamatre refers to hairbreadth distance.4.Bori Critical Edition did not keep the verse Naaham varayami Sutam.But clearly indicated Karna’s failure by the verse.yatkarNashalyapramukhaiH pArthivairlokavishrutaiH |nAnataM balavadbhirhi dhanurvedaparAyaNaiH || 4|| That which was not accomplished by experts in archery like Karna,Salya and others….Arjuna was able to..Many more versions .that said Karna failed..M.N. Dutta,PCROY,PPSSastry,Kavitraya,Kamala Subrahmanyam ..none of these Mahabharat scholars supported Draupadi’s rejection.Yes another group of modernists started promoting this through their novels like Mrityunjaya,Jayam,Palace Of Illusions So on And so forth. But they can not change facts. We have enough evidence to prove our stand.HenceDraupadi did not reject Karna as per authentic Sanskrit texts.Most of the translators and regional adopters also admitted Karna’s failure not rejection.Draupadi Who was a veerya Sulka to be won by valour never said anything like naaham varayami Sutam.There were no cross references for the so called rejection. None in the Epic referred to the incident. Not even Karna Who was overtly outspoken ,mentioned the rejection part..not even in Dice Hall where he abused Draupadi and suggested her disrobing.Karna’s abuse of Draupadi have cross references..She herself tells Krishna in Vana ParvaKrishna mentions Karna’s abuse in Udyoga Parva and Karna Parva..But The rejection did not have one single mention anywhere else in the Epic.That is why VS Sukthankar said thus..in his prolegomena.“She had to wed any competitor who excelled in the particular proficiency test which had been arranged by her father or guardian. She was vīryaśulkā: she was given by her guardian to the highest bidder, the price paid being heroism, or rather proficiency in marksmanship.”Panchali has to abide by the decision taken by her father..whoever hits the target will be her husband by right.Panchali never raised a question when she has to garland a poor brahmin. Neither did she raise her voice when the most important decision was being taken in the form of polyandrous marriage.Only 4 or 5 manuscripts had the rejection theory out of 1200 ….So how reasonable it is to take those and ignore what maximum manuscripts had!Check the answer of Arnab Ghosh which did not leave anything left to be said. It is just perfect.And also go through the references I provided for my other answer.SourcesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version ch. 179Gita Press Gorakh Pur Edition Of Mahabharata with Hindi Translation by Pandit Ramnarayan.Southern Recession Kumbhakonam Edition And PPS Sastri Edited versionNilakantha Bhava Dipa Adi Parv Ch 188.VS Sukthankar Prolegomena Page 65.. 1.18523f	Both variants exist in canonical Sanskrit versions of Mahabharata, though only the former has been projected and promoted extensively by poets, authors and TV shows/movies in the past few centuries. The challenge is to deduce, which of these is more likely to be true. Now, of those who are aware of this duality, there are 2 sections of people:1.) One who believe Draupadi’s rejection is true and ‘more logical’ in the sequence of events.2.) One who believe Karna’s failure is true and more logical.I have answered this question many times before, so wouldn’t get into the technical details of it. But in this answer, I’d like to address the core issue of the debate. From what I have seen, Draupadi’s rejection is deemed as ‘more logical’ on the basis of 3 psychological presumptions:1.) A ‘great’ warrior like Karna cannot fail in an archery competition.So if at all any Karna is mentioned, it must be some other ‘Karna’.2.) A ‘great’ archer like Karna’s failure in a competition (despite the failure of hundreds of other great Kings/Princes) is an absolute “phenomenon”. It is so significant that it deserves singular attention and needs to be constantly referred to or be reminded of by other greats like Bhishma, Drone, etc in order for it to be absolutely true and believable.3.) A ‘great’ man like Karna cannot insult a woman without reason (ref to dice-game). So she must have done something to provoke him.This ‘logic’ is extended further to dismiss the post-competition battle between Arjun and Karna, where Karna fails/retreats (whichever one prefers to call it). Bcoz again, it is ‘unacceptable’ that a ‘great’ warrior like Karna can fail.Somewhere deep in the psychological vortex, the ‘logic’ of rejection solely rests on the belief that ‘great’ Karna cannot be defeated or be wrong. A belief that stems from deep admiration for his military prowess and immense sympathy for his tragic angle, or rather the image of his tragic angle that one has cherished in his/her heart for too long. Thus, any new disclosure that disrupts this admiration seems to sound ‘illogical’.Now, for decades, the masses happily believed that poor Karna was rejected by a haughty Draupadi at her Swayamvar on the pretext of caste. That was until recently, when Bibek Debroy published his English translation of the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute or BORI’s Sanskrit Critical Edition. And with that opened a can of worms. Bcoz the much researched Sanskrit Critical Edition (which was lying unnoticed by common readers since 1966) suddenly became a centre of attention, and through it, other ignored but equally authoritative versions (like Kashmiri Edition and Southern Recension) came into the forefront. And turns out, in most of those less popular versions, Karna had failed! In fact, the manuscripts testifying for his failure are much higher in number and older than the ones that mention rejection. ( See Prolegomena, Sukthankar, Pg 66).People who I know go by the second narrative of Karna’s failure have their beliefs rooted in the following:1.) Textual/Manuscript evidences unearthed by professional Western as well as Indian Indologists.2.) Commentaries of ancient/medieval scholars like Neelakantha Chaturdhara/ Footnotes of Translators/Observations of modern Indologists.3.) Tallying source materials of Translations. For example, two different Translations of the Epic may have similar content. But we have to check, did the Translators use the same Sanskrit source? If they did, then the two translations cannot be mutually exclusive.4.) Intrinsic probability.Read what Yudisthir says here about caste rules at the Swayamvar. Critical Edition says the same.Adi Parva: Vaivahika Parva: Section CLXLV5.) Lack of cross-reference of rejection sequence in the entire epic. Here, it is important to note something.Karna’s failure has no cross-reference either outside the Swayamvar Parva. Karna failed along with hundreds of other Kings like Jarasandha or Shalya. Was his failure something out of the ordinary? Please note, to the narrator, Karna was NO “unsung hero” that he is to the modern readers. This is why BORI removed the participation details of all Kings, not only Karna’s and finished off the details in a few lines.Moreover, if I were a grandfather like Bhishma, I’d not blame someone else’s gifted kid(Karna) for missing the target in a very tough competition, where my own hopeless grandsons (Kauravas) couldnt even lift/string the bow.However, a young princess - who also happens to be a central character - singles out one invited King (another pivotal character) and haughtily shouts at him, and stops him from participating at the biggest Swayamvar of the season, where half of the nation is present. This is a scandalous and an unusual incident that would send ripples across Aryavarta, given how royal women were expected to behave and be treated in that era. Just like Draupadi’s humiliation at the dice-game did. Also, if this rejection supposedly triggered Karna’s behaviour at the dice-game later which is the turning point of the epic, the cause of that deserves a little more attention.Cross-reference is not a very easy rule, bcoz we need to understand which incidents are more likely to be cross-referred.6.) Last but not the least, admiration for Arjun/Draupadi and dislike for Karna.Just like in Rejection case, fandom plays an important role here as well. This emotional connection with the characters make people push the failure narrative further, all the more, bcoz Draupadi particularly, has been at the receiving end of intense and incessant backlash/misrespresentation for the rejection sequence. It is extremely sad to note that various great writers (including stalwarts like Ramdhari Singh Dinkar) had gone to the extent of justifying her public molestation bcoz she rejected Karna in their ‘award-winning’ works.What is my opinion?The Swayamvar Parva is extremely muddled, proving that it was tampered with multiple times.Draupadi’s rejection seems like an embedded incident to me for the same reason as Arnab and Lakshmi. Two other possibilities seem more plausible. Karna either did not participate or he failed. Both have evidences.Chances of no participation:1.) At the Swayamvar, Dhristadyumna gives out clear rules of noble lineage as a criterion for participation. Karna’s adoptive father belonged to the royal Suta lineage of Anga. Was that enough to qualify? It is difficult to say. Dhristadyumna’s roll-call of the suitors appears strange when it comes to Karna, and there is confusion whether he was a Suitor or Guest.2.) Post Arjun’s victory, all Kings began to protest and they claimed only high-born Kshatriyas are allowed to participate in the Swayamvar. So where does a Suta (offspring of Brahmin and Kshatriya) come in the heirarchy? Again, difficult to say.Chances of failure:1.) Clear description of failure in many manuscripts.2.) Cross-reference by narrator/Brahmins of the failure in the same chapter. Yes, the mention of failure of Karna along with others was the cross-reference itself - which in BORI has become the direct narrative due to removal of detailed participation of all Kings in the previous Shlokas.3.) Yudisthir’s words to Drupad’s priest as given in the link: Adi Parva: Vaivahika Parva: Section CLXLVKeeping in mind the above points and the commentaries of scholars who have extensively dealt with both variants of the incidents, I believe he failed. The rejection may have been inserted by later Bhargav Brahmins to formally chastise intercaste marriages at a time, when Caste System had begun to wield more power in the society. And what better way to make a statement than to set an example by the heroine of the greatest epic? If this is indeed the case, then while they replaced the failure with rejection, they forgot to replace the cross-reference of failure mentioned by narrator/Brahmins later in the same chapter.To those (not the OP) who wish to fight and argue further - I’d request them not to waste their energy. Or mine.Rather, I’d request them to go through various canonical versions (not only KMG/BORI) along with supplementary notes/comments provided by Translators/Scholars. For example, Neelkantha mentions Draupadi rejection in his Vulgate Text, but also admits in his attached commentary that Karna most likely failed. Same with Gita Press’ Hindi translation of the Gorakhpur Edition.This is bcoz, these great scholars were not “fans” trying to win debates and prove their favourites to be the “best” on social media. They retained certain verses for the sheer love of poetry and its philosophy. But also, admitted to the facts in the supplementary notes.It is an excellent practice to question/challenge the traditional narrative and try to find out what could be the most logical altetnative. However, let’s challenge narratives with some self-control and research, shall we?First time I read KMG, I began to consider myself a scholar. Then, I read BORI, and I began to think of myself as a bigger scholar. I began to pick faults with the narrative here and there. Whatever I didnt like, I dismissed as interpolation/loose text/clerical errors. I see many people on Quora/Facebook pages doing the same.Then one day, I came across the supplementary documents of BORI, P.P.S. Shastri’s Critical Edition of the Southern Recension, all Puranas and my complacency went for a toss. So much yet to read! The extent of the study showed me my place.So, in the end, I’d say this much -If all of the commentaries/textual evidences/remarks of scholars fail to convince an ordinary reader of Karna’s failure just bcoz Karna’s failure is ‘unacceptable’ to his/her eyes, then in the end, I have nothing else to do except to respectfully agree to disagree… :)Footnotes:1.)To read the Critical editions in Sanskrit for free online:Mahabharata - BORI Critical Edition - Sanskrit Documents2.) Mahabharata Commentaries3.) To read Hindi translation of Critical Edition:Mahabharata with Hindi Translation - SD Satwalekar : Veda Vyasa, S.D. Satwalekar : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive4.) To read free English translations of non-Critical Editions of the epics: (K.M. Ganguly’s translation or KMG):Internet Sacred Text Archive Home5.) To read Hindi translation of non-Critical (Gorakhpur) Edition of Mahabharata:Mahabharat – Sanskrit to Hindi – Gita Press6.) mahAbhArata-southern-critical-PPS-shAstri : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive7.)Interpolations In The Mahabharata : M. A. Mehendale : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive	1)) Read this-{{{{And beholding the plight of those monarchs, Karna that foremost of all wielders of the bow went to where the bow was, and quickly raising it strung it and placed the arrows on the string. And beholding the son of Surya--Karna of the Suta tribe--like unto fire, or Soma, or Surya himself, resolved to shoot the mark, those foremost of bowmen--the sons of Pandu--regarded the mark as already shot and brought down upon the ground. But seeing Karna, Draupadi loudly said, 'I will not select a Suta for my lord.' Then Karna, laughing in vexation and casting glance at the Sun, threw aside the bow already drawn to a circle.}}}} Ref- SECTION CLXXXIX (Swayamvara Parva} from Sacred Text, KMG and other texts. These lines are missing in Bibek Debroy’s English translation of BORI CE.2)) Read this too-{{{{Then when all those Kshatriyas gave up the task, the heroic king of the Chedis--mighty as Yama (Pluto) himself--the illustrious and determined Sisupala, the son of Damaghosa, in endeavouring to string the bow, himself fell upon his knees on the ground. Then king Jarasandha endued with great strength and powers, approaching the bow stood there for some moment, fixed and motionless like a mountain. Tossed by the bow, he too fell upon his knees on the ground, and rising up, the monarch left the amphitheatre for (returning to) his kingdom. Then the great hero Salya, the king of Madra, endued with great strength, in endeavouring to string the bow fell upon his knees on the ground. At last when in that assemblage consisting of highly respectable people, all the monarchs had become subjects of derisive talk that foremost of heroes--Jishnu, the son of Kunti--desired to string the bow and placed the arrows on the bow-string.'"}}}}Ref- SECTION CLXXXIX (Swayamvara Parva} from Sacred Text, KMG. Here the description of lifting of bows by other kings are given in details.You will be astonished to notice that Bibek Debroy has mentioned every details about the amphitheatre during Draupadi Swayamvara. He has mentioned about the kings arrived there. He has taken pain to describe about the curtains, decorations of the hall but failed to describe about the attempts made by the kings who participated in the Swayamvara. It looks premeditated because by doing this he cunningly skipped what way Karna attempted to shoot the target. The intention looks as if the author wanted to remove the denial and insult of Karna by Draupadi. “Drupada’s son spoke to Droupadi, recounting to her the lineages and deeds of the assembled kid ngs.’” (Draupadi Swayamvara-Sec 12- Chapter 176 of Bibek Debroy )- These lines clearly say that Draupadi was well aware about Karna’s lineage and ancestry if introduced to her by her brother. So, those who argue that Draupadi had no prior knowledge about Karna are wrong.Even if we argue that Bibek Debroy’s text is the most authentic, then read these lines- “The sacred texts clearly say that a svayamvara is for Kshatriyas; Brahmanas have no right in the choice of a husband.”(Draupadi Swayamvara-Sec 12- Chapter 176 of Bibek Debroy ) Here the kings are reluctant to accept the participation of Brahmin in Swayamvara. How could they accept the participation of a Suta? By these lines Bibek Debroy tried to convey that Karna might not have participated in the contest.Read this too-(('Ye Brahmanas, how can a Brahmana stripling unpractised in arms and weak in strength,string that bow which such celebrated Kshatriyas as Salya and others endued with might and accomplished in the science and practice of arms could not?}} Here the failure of Shalya and other kings is described. Not of Karna. This is in KMG and Sacred text.Read this again- {{{And that bow which Rukma, Sunitha, Vakra,Radha's son, Duryodhana, Salya, and many other kings accomplished in the science and practice of arms, could not even with great exertion, string, Arjuna, the son of Indra, that foremost of all persons endued with energy and like unto the younger brother of Indra (Vishnu) in might, strung in the twinkling of an eye.))) This is also a point where all the texts including BORI CE have mentioned that Radha’s Son also failed. And there Arjuna fans take a deep breath that at least the point they were looking for to prove Arjuna better than Karna is found. This kind of loose and careless texting has been done in several occasions either in Bibek Debroy text or sacred texts. The most elementary mistake is seen when it is mentioned that Arjuna killed 10 brothers of Duryodhana during the 17th day of the war.(( Chapter 1208(58) Page 213- From Bibek Debroy-“On seeing that Arjuna was advancing towards them, those brave ones retreated. Partha swiftly used iron arrows and arrows in the shape of a half-moon to destroy their standards, chariots and bows and bring them down. He then used ten other broad-headed arrows to sever their heads.”695(((Since Duryodhana and all his brothers were killed by Bhima, there is an inconsistency here and they couldn’t have been Dhritarashtra’s sons.))))I want to query the following- 1) You argue that had Karna been denied by Draupadi, this would have got a cross reference in later part of the entire MB but there is no such cross reference. On the contrary I want to ask why is there no cross reference about Karna’s failure? After all Bhisma, Drona, Kripa, Bhima, Dhritarashtra, Krishna have time and again compared Arjuna’s prowess with Karna citing the examples of Virat war, Gandharba war and other warfare of theirs separately? 4) If BORI removes the lines from the sacred text which states that Karna participated and Draupadi refused to bear him, then where is the line of participation of Karna in BORI CE?There is one more point which makes us to believe that Karna never participated. That is he belonged to lower caste SUTA AND Drupada shows his concern if any person of low caste Shudra has won Draupadi. Read this- {{{'Oh, where hath Krishna gone? Who hath taken her away? Hath any Sudra or anybody of mean descent, or hath a tribute-paying Vaisya by taking my daughter away, placed his dirty foot on my head? O son, hath that wreath of flowers been thrown away on a graveyard? Hath any Kshatriya of high birth, or any one of the superior order (Brahmana) obtained my daughter? Hath any one of mean descent, by having won Krishna, placed his left foot on my head?}}}The Mahabharata, Book 1: Adi Parva: Swayamvara Parva: Section CLXLIII and CLXLIV. THIS CLEARLY INDICATES THAT DRUPADA WOULD NEVER ALLOW A SHUDRA or anybody of mean descent TO BE THE LORD OF HIS DAUGHTER.So far as other texts are concerned there are flaws in them too. . C. Rajgopalchari’s MB says that Karna failed to string the bow. Southern editions say that he missed the target by hair width. Both are unacceptable. Was he so powerless that he could not string the bow? Again, if he missed the target by one hair width then what about another four attempts? So, we must think and judge. There are so many casual lines in the sacred text and the Karna haters have made much ado about the small line which adds the name of Radha’s son amongst the failed kings as if that was the most concrete evidence of Karna’s failure. For that single line they try to falsify all other lines from different texts which talk of Karna’s success and rejection by Draupadi. This is elementary state of understanding.	Karna was most likely able to lift it, he was strong enough for that. But he was not able to string it. This answer has been replied by me and my friends many times but still I would do it again.BORI only states his failure but Southern Edition clearly mentions that he was though able to lift the bow but he missed the target by a hair’s breath. Now, if you see carefully even Gita press and KMG mention based on northern edition or say neelkanth commentary to be precise also mention his failure. There is mention of Brahmins saying that if Karna and Shalya failed then how could that Brahmin win before Arjuna hits the target.Now, in these northern editions based on commentaries mention two contradictory things one is Draupadi rejecting and other is Karna failing.How could both things happen at the same time.Why should northern edition gain more weight than southern one?Some people express doubts over this Karna being Gandari putra Karna but it is funny. The reason is that so many suitors came there. Karna of Gandhari was younger than Duryodhan and was not mighty enough to be compared specifically with Shalya in relation to the task. He gets no such mention or regards in epic. Then why would Brahmins/the narrators name him leaving Jarasandha , Duryodhana who was more acclaimed and even so many great archers and renowned kings?Now, Karna seems to be named along with Shalya specifically because of two reasons. Out of all those present in the hall barring Arjuna who was obviously in disguise. Only these two were acclaimed archers and also very strong at the same time which were two conditions to be successful in that contest. Lifting that stiff and heavy bow and then hitting the target. Therefore they were those two benchmarks and the statement meant that if they failed no one else could do.Karna by then had gained fame of arguably in top five archers. Southern Edition names him with his caste and full identification leaving no room for suspicion which generally people have.So, if we look at this thing we get three thingsOut of more than 1200+ manuscripts only 3–4 mention Draupadi rejection and found to be interpolated later by BORIEven those who mention her Rejecting her also mention Karna failing. This mention is either by Brahmins or by the narrator. In a way, this was a compliment. Bcoz if he failed, no one could do it.Southern edition leaves no room for suspicion with his name. It mentions him lifting bow but failing by a hair’s breath. I find it quite convincing argument. Karna was strong and good archer. So there should be no problem for him in lifting that bow but he lacked focus in critical moment so in excitement or over confidence he might have missed.C Rajagopalachari version too mentions he failed. It is highly rated and was one of the oldest abridged versions of Mahabharat.It is also quite unbelievable that a young girl would interrupt a show in that way in those times. TV serials have strengthened this myth. Now the myth making has reached such an extent that if televised show has the guts and tries to show this scene in that way, people will not believe and even slam the show.This is wonderful answer with takes care of all possibilities.Amrita Talukdar's answer to If the story of Draupadi humiliating Karna for his caste in her Swayamvar is an interpretation, why couldn't the story of Karna insulting Draupadi after the dice game be an interpolation in the same way?Then this is from learned Lakshmi Telidevara who has referred to other sources too and gives us screenshot to prove this point.Lakshmi Telidevara's answer to Did Draupadi really used a vitriolic language against Karna in her Swayamvara? She had the right to refuse marrying Karna, but she could have done it in a humble way rather than calling him sutaputra?Edits:Some people here are blindly using KMG and even calling it “original ved vyas edition” without realizing that although one of the best works of translation and closest to vyasa edition, it is still a translation and cannot replace the main source in any case. Instead of relying on translation, the best thing is to refer back to the Source of KMG: Burdwan n Neelkantha’s Editions.Other logic used is that Karna is other son of Gandari. But those people don’t even realize that he had been already mentioned along with kaurava. He was also not a great archer anywhere to be mentioned again specifically. Again southern edition makes it clear that it was Radheya karna.And what is more important is that the rejection verse is only in 4 later manuscripts out of 1200 manuscripts available. So those who claim they know everythign about Mahabharata just by reading KMG should revisit their stand. What about us ordinary readers even the scholars who have dedicated research on this greatest epic cannot cross this ocean in one lifetime.Moreover supporters of KMG or Gita press and using logic like ORIGINAL sanskrit texts here is something for them. I am not using Hindi pic or will translate it because it is only for those who claim to be well versed in sanskrit and state KMG as source. Here is the very thing used as basis for themSome even are arguing that Kings even objected to Brahmins victory then how could they allow a Suta then again people forget that even Ashwathama was participant and this whole caste issue was only when a Brahmin had won from outside their circle.Some people who doubt my stand on Gita press having footnote that karna failed in swaymwar and talk of sankrit mahabharat I want to tell them KMG and gita press main source is neelkanth and here is proof that he failed. I am not translating because the critics claim to know Original sanskrit epic. Here is other proof and notice footnote carefully. The footnote is important and it is where people error when they use KMG and Gitapress.https://ia801802.us.archive.org/...Source Neelkantha commentary from Digital Library of Free & Borrowable Books, Movies, Music & Wayback Machine	
How did Akrura and Uddhava die Is there somewhere in the scriptures describing their fate or what happened to them after Krishna left this planet And what about the inhabitants of Vraja Nanda Yashoda etc	I have no evidence as to what happened to the inhabitants of Vraja. They probably died of age.But what I do know is what happened to Akrura and Uddhava.At the end of the war, Gandhari was lamenting on seeing her sons dead. (by divine vision of course, she was blindfolded) When Krishna came onto the scene, she accused him of killing her clan, and cursed the entire Yadava clan to die in 36 years.36 years later, the story of Samba took place. In case you know it, just skip reading the next paragraph.For those who don’t know, Samba was the son of Krishna and Jambavati. He was born of Shivas boon when Krishna prayed for a son just like the Destroyer, Shiva. He ended up destroying the entire clan of Yadavas. Here’s how. Samba saw that a group of sages had camped in Dwarka. He dressed up as a pregnant lady, and, with his friends, went to ask the sages the gender of the unborn child. The sages saw through the plan and were furious they cursed him to bear a pestle that would destroy the clan. When they undressed him, they found a pestle within his clothes. They were shocked and asked Akrura what to do. The Pestle was powdered and thrown into the sea. Sea weeds grew from the powder. One day, when all the Yadavas were drunk, (Including Uddhava and Pradymna) they used the weeds against each other and died.As for Akrura and Balarama, they witnessed the fight, and went onto the seashore, each alone, meditated and left their mortal coil.	All destroyed , infact Krishna wanted his progeny to finish because they were all corrupt. Not sure how they all died but a flood devasted everything, could it be a flood of Noah? Don't know	
What is the aim of Krishna to be born on Earth	You are asking question as like you are a prime minister or king. We are just servent (in other words officer) in the office. Democracy tell you as you are a king. But truth is different.As I learned from Krishna,Live the life without taking anything seriously.Become the actor when you do something.Stay alert and live in present.“Aim” is man made word. This is not present in dictionary of God.	
What was the relationship between Lord Krishna and Subhadra	They were brother and sister. Subhadra was the daughter of Vasudev ji - who also happened to the father of Lord Krishna. Krishna was born to Devki and Vasudev but Subhadra is not daughter of Devki and had Rohini as her mother.So she is the real sister of Balrama and step sister of Lord Krishna.	
What are some things to be aware of before presenting an Orthodox Christian sort of with JD Smiths Abridged Mahabharata	It depends entirely on the reason for the gift. If you are presenting it as something interesting from the history of India and something that you find relatable it would be a great person for anyone. Although I prefer Bibek’s full translation.If you are presenting it because it contains the Gita with the entire story leading up to it, that’s perfectly fine also.If he is a “sort of” christian I wouldn’t worry a bit, just a gift to a friend.	Q: “What are some things to be aware of before presenting an Orthodox Christian (sort of) with JD Smith's Abridged Mahabharata?”That would be totally out of place, mean-spirited, poor manners, like saying, “I don't believe you should believe in your religion so here, read this.”	
If Mahabharata were to be made today whom do you think should play the important roles from Bollywood	If i have to select from Bollywood then this will be my choice.Lord Krishna - the man who knew it all from the beginning. The god. The main political figure and best friend to Arjun. Most importantly, the one who recited the Bhagvad Gita in the arena of war. The strategist in Bollywood, none other than Akshay kumar. He’ll be able to pull of the blue skin tone too.Bheeshma pitamah - The grand uncle of the Pandavas and the Kauravas, the wisest man, a great archer and warrior who defeated his own teacher. I suggest Amitabh Bachchan because of his flawless acting skills and the aura that he brings to every character he plays.Yudhishtir - The eldest of all the Pandavas. The man who could utter no lie and would never renege on his word, even if it meant losing his wife and kingdom. Anil Kapoor will be my choice.Bheema - The one with all the strength. Moreover, he was the one who killed Dushasana, the guy who dragged Draupadi to court and tried to disrobe her. Sunny deol will be the most appropriate for this one.Arjuna - The third of the Pandava brothers. Lord Krishna's best friend and the one who originally won Draupadi. No one can be better at this than Ranbir Kapoor.Nakul and sahadev - The twin brothers who never got enough light in the story. Arjun Kapoor and Varun dhawan will be my choice.Draupadi - The one who was married to five men. The one who was given away in the game of dice by her husbands. The divine beauty and a dear friend to Krishna. I suggest shraddha Kapoor for this one.Dronacharya - The greatest teacher of advanced military arts. The man with strong moral and social values. I recommend boman Irani for this character.Gandhari - The sacrificing wife who willingly put on a blindfold for life. The mother of a 100 sons and 1 daughter and the only one to curse Krishna. This one could be taken by shabana azmi , the unbeatable mother .Dhritrashtra - The blind king of Hastinapur. The one torn between his morals and the love for his son. The helpless one. I think Naseeruddin shah will nail this one.Kunti - The mother of the five Pandavas and Karna. She returned to Hastinapur after the death of her husband to claim rights for her sons. She was highly valued by her sons and was a dominant mother. I nominate Rakhi for this one.Karan - The man of his words. The closest friend of Duryodhana who fought against the Pandavas on his behalf. The most generous of all the men in this tale. I go with John Abraham for this one.Duryodhana - The eldest of the hundred sons of Kauravas. The one who lost out on a chance to be the heir of Hastinapur. He was revengeful and hated the Pandavas to the core. In short, the main villian. Ranveer singh will pull this off with elan.Shakuni - The evil maternal uncle of Duryodhan. The mastermind of the Kurukshetra war. He was a pro at game of dice. Not to forget, he was creepy at times. The only one that comes to our mind for this one is prakash raj.	
What are the consequences of the Kurukshetra War	If you go through Bhagvatam its already described there, in the conversation between Suka Muni and Raja Parikshit.In a nutshell the kauravas were exterminated right down to their grandchildren. No lineage of theirs survived.Narayani sena survived the battle but ended up battling against themselves pertaining to their egos on who was superior on the battlefield post Krishna's departure. Dwarka was consumed by a tsunami.Parikshit, a name that was given by lord Krishna himself was entrusted with the duty of keeping the 6 sins at bay from affecting the other kingdoms.The war only annihilated the entire kaurava horde, generals and advisors, and not the “entire” forces of an akshauhini.It was Parikshit who maintained the kingdoms, while Yudhisthir rebuilt it.	
Who cursed Sahadeva that he will die if he reveals he knows everything about the future of Mahabharata	Do you think Sahadev was such a selfish man that he would know beforehand his wife is going to be humiliated and he would not prevent it to save his head.Orwas he such a selfish man that he would know before hand that his dear son would be slaughtered by Ashvatthama while he was resting after a war he fought for his father and he would do nothing to prevent it so that he lives even if his son diesSahdev did not know any future he had no such powers, He was trained in economics and administration by Brihaspati he was very good warrior, he cared about Draupadi and was the only one among Pandav who did not want to settle for peace but avenge her humiliation, but that's all what Vyasa described him as.Some random unknown person concocted a stupid folktale about him eating his father's flesh and gaining divination. But that's ok, What's not ok is people not using their own brains and beleving it.	
Is Krishna a good person as he insisted Arjuna to kill the opposition and other thousands of small sainiks compared to our generation where Nagasaki bombing is seen as wrong in human history	Before than to say on this topic i have gone through all the answers written there. I felt that they are going to explain why MAHABHARAT war was fought.Why all of us say DHARAM YUDH. Dharam has wast meaning but one of that is to execute legitimate duties means Pandav were fighting that mahabharat war to execute their duty as king, husband, resident of kingdom,to fight against ilegitimate ruler.Now question arises why mahabharat was right and nagasaki wrong.As all the fights between two nation are fought by the army, by the persons who willingly participate in that war. It may be that one army target another army, army post or soldier may miss the target or hurt those persons also who are not participating in that fight.but never attack purposly on human being to harm them maximum.It is the main couse that in modern day fight no nation attack RED CROSS willingly. And to destroy infrastructure in civic area. enemy country bomb that area. But to destroy infrastructure not to harm human beings particularly. If some nation or army plan to target to harm human beings is always critisized.Now in MAHABHARAT Arjun (pandavs) were there at war field to fight a war if Arjun decided not to fight. How some one may be sure that Bhim also follow him and being the king Yudhister also agree with Arjun. Further who may assure that Duryodhan & karn will never attack on pandav. Before to meet on war field Sh.KRISHNA does his best he approached to Duryodhan and tried to convience him not to fight but all in vain. Even Duryodhan tried to attack on Sh. Krishna ( ambasdor)So conditions were there that both MAHABHARAT & W.W.2nd can’t be avoided but in W.War to attack purposly on civil area and nuclear attack which harms more to human being not only living in that time but comming genrations also.You may compare it with the attack by ASHWATHTHAMA in mahahbharat who used Bramnastrua on unborn child and killed sons of panava when they were slipping.	
What is the difference between the Bhagavatham and the Mahabharata	Srimat bhagavatham, that gives a complete details about the Vishnu avatars from matsya to Krishna Avatar, and also includes details about the origin of mankind gradually from Satya Yuga to Kali yuga. And it includes preachings of lord Vishnu in each Avatar.But in Mahabharat, it only portrays the detailes about the origin of kuru clan and lord Krishna Avatar and about the great war Mahabharat that happened in dwapara Yuga. It also includes the preachings of lord Vishnu in Krishna Avatar which constitutes bhagavat Gita.	
Who is the best archer Karna or Ekalavya	Mostly Karna, ekalavya got defeated later while pairing up with Kamsa .This question cant have a definitive answer as there is time gap between the two warriors’ skill got showcased. But mostly its Karna	
Why did Ved Vyas perform niyoga with the Dasi when he realised that Queen Ambika had not come but the Dasi The purpose was only to impregnate the Queens Ambika and Ambalika then why was the Dasi exploited by him	Though the.popular belief is that Vyasa first impregnates Ambika and Blind Dhritarashtr was born and then he impregnates Ambalika resulting in pale Pandu and second time when Ambika was sent for she sends a maid.There is room however in the epic to change this order as it doesn't make any logical sense The verses are also not specific about the order. There was no need for another child as Pandu was only pale. He was capable as when he was made king he does digvijaya and establishes Hastinapur as the most powerful empire of the time. Also if Vyasa had already been with Ambika once how would he not realise that it is a maid who has come and not her. The room was lit by the way (the epic clearly mentions that - so no darkness either for Vyasa to be confused).What most likely would have happened is that when Ambika is summoned she was hoping for Bhishma but maid informs about Vyasa and scared she sends the maid. Vyasa doesn't realise and impregnates her but finds out later so Satyavati sends Ambika again and this time Ambika is not able to do anything else except close her eyes. Result is blind Dhritarashtr. Satyavati then sends Ambalika who is scared too and gets pale in fear and Pandu is born. Vidur is born of the maidThe conceptions happened for all three within a few days and there is no reason why children have to be born in the order of conception. Dhritarashtr could still be first born followed by Pandu and then Vidur	Before answering the question I would like to admit for a hundredth time that I am neither a rationalist nor an analyst. I believe in tradition..I believe in god,incarnations,miracles,curses,boons.I take Mahabharata as the Fifth Veda. Vedavyasa is Narayana Swarup for me. Seer. Drashta. I bow before him to grace me with right thoughts and right understanding.Dwaparayug according to me is different from Kaliyug. I would never apply the modern logic to the events that happened in another yug which is unknown to me.With that belief I proceed to answer this question…Satyavati’s instructiionSatyavati instructed Ambika the elder daughter in law to wait for her husband’s brother . Ambika thought Bhishma would come to her but Veda Vyasa entered her chamber .Ambika closed her eyes and as a result she gave birth to a blind son Dhritarashtra.When Ambalika was instructed by Satyavati to follow ni yoga and get a son,she got Pandu pale in complexion because she became pale on seeing Veda Vyasa.Vidura’s birthSome time after, when Ambika again had her monthly season, she was solicited by Satyavati to approach Vyasa once againthe princess refused to do her mother-in-law's bidding, remembering the grim appearance and strong odour of the Rishi.She, however, sent to him, her maid decking her with her own ornaments.How did the maid receive Vedavyasa?When Vyasa arrived, the maid rose up and saluted him. she waited upon him respectfully and took her seat near himVeda Vyasa was well-pleased with her, and when he rose to go away, he addressed her and said, 'Amiable one, you shall no longer be a slave. Your child also shall be greatly fortunate and virtuous, and the foremost of all intelligent men on earth!Vidura’s birthThe son born to her by Veda Vyasa was known by the name Vidura.atrestu sumahAbhAgaM putraM putravatAM varam |viduraM viddhi loke.asmi~njAtaM buddhimatAM varam || 79||. He was thus the brother of Dhritarashtra and Pandu. And Vidura was free from desire and passion and was conversant with the rules of administration . He was Dharma born on earth under the curse of the illustrious Rishi Mandavya.To sum upSatyavati if wanted more children even after the birth of Dhritarashtra and Pandu,it is reasonable . For,she had bitter experience in life that she had seen both her sons Chitrangada and Vichitravirya die before her eyes.On seeing a blind child and another one who is pale it is quite natural to wish for another child.Didnt Pandu wish for another son even after getting Yudhishtir and Bhima? Did he think two are enough?Veda Vyasa was a seer. The one who devided the Vedas. One who is mantra Drashta. Didn’t he know that the one who was sent to him was not Ambika? The Epic says the maid showed due respect to him and won his heart. Thereupon the sage blessed her with the great Vidura.,the partial incarnation of Dharma.Why did the sage perform niyoga with the maid?Because it is very much essential that Vidura should take birth to play a pivotal role in Mahabharat.It was Vidura who became the moral support for Pandavas.It was Vidura who was the pillar of strength for Dhritarashtra and never left his side.It was Vidura who saved Pandavas from Lach house fire by helping them escape safely .It was Vidura who raised his voice when Panchali was humiliated in Kurusabha.It was Vidura Who always tried to show mirror to Dhritarashtra and Duryothana by fearlessly speaking truthful facts.It was Vidura in whose house Govind stayed and ate when he visited Hastinapur as an envoy.It is highly rewarding an experience to write more and more about Vidura,the Zenius,the scholar and the knower of Dharma ..Such Vidura Who is indispensable to the course of the story ,he is to be brought into the world,as a loyal brother and advisor to both Dhritarashtra and Pandu..That is why Vedavyasa the great sage performed Niyoga even if the one before him,waiting upon him is a maid.Did Vedavyasa exploit the maid?No. On the other hand he graced her the good fortune of being the mother of Vidura,the dharma incarnate.When Drupada’s Queen was not ready to take the yajnaphal,Yaja threw it into fire and Drishtadyumna and Draupadi rose from fire.Muhurat,auspicious moment wont wait for anyoneWhen Vedavyasa was the one who grants such boon what difference it makes whether the one before him was a princess or a maid?I strongly feel great people should not be judged with such sensibilities that suit ordinary people.Veda Vyasa the great sage,is above our understanding He should be worshipped for the most precious gift he bestowed on us.Mahabharata..the greatest Epic..the Fifth Veda.SourcesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version. Adi ParvUnabridged Sanskrit versions,Gita Press with Hindi Translation by RamnarayanSouthern Recession Kumbhakonam EditionNilakantha BhavadipaKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parva. Sec CV CVI LXIII	Sequence of Events will be like this as Mentioned by B.R. Chopra “MAHABHARAT” nd in Many Books :-Queen Satyabati Calls Muni Ved Vyas to Give Hier to Hastnapur Kingdom .Vyas muni requested Rani Satyabati to not perfom Niyoga right now nd He will do it after one year when He look Gentle but Queen denied As Ved Vyas Was son of Queen Satyabati he have to obey his mother order.Satyabati First send Ambika For impregnate But by seeing Ved Vyas she closes her eyes result is that Blind Child Named [math]Dhitrashta [/math]was born.Now Rani Saytabati sends Queen Ambalika She did Same however she didnot closes her eyes but her face turns pale by seeing Ved Vyas Hence Unhealthy Child or Weak Child Named [math]Pandu[/math] was born.By Hearing news of Blind nd Weak Child Satyabati again Requested Ved Vyas to Impergnate .Upto that time both Queen Was so Afraid That they send A DASI into Ved Vyas room,However Question is still not clear why Ved Vyas done niyoga with DASI when he was told to Impregnate only Queens ,DASI was not afraid of MUNI Ved Vyas as Ambika nd Ambalika was,Hence Child born out was very Intelligent Person of That Time Named “VIDUR”.Later Story we all Know on which Mahabharat based.Pandu was Cursed by Muni that he Died while doing sex So He Died While doing Sex With his Second wife Madri.nd Dhitrashta Blamed his blindness for every action nd He was very greed to Have Whole Kingdom nd To Make His Elder Son Duryodhan “Chakravarti Samrat” That he Support every wrong action done by Duryodhan nd Shakuni ,While Vidur Seved as Chief Minister during Dhitrashtra regime .	Satyavati insisted her own daughter - in-laws to try again to perform niyoga with Ved Vyas to get ‘healthy’ heirs. Satyavati never insisted to perform any act /process of ‘niyoga (which was considered legitimate during that period) on the Dasi.Satyavati’s daughter-in-laws trial with Ved vyas failed at first attempt and they got unhealthy heirs(Pandu and Dhritrashtra). They were supposed to do second attemptHowever it was one of her daughter-in-laws who sent the Dasi instead of going herself in the second time .Ved Vyasa had known that the person in the room wasn't the queen Satyavati’s daughter-in-laws but the Dasi.This means either the Dasi submitted herself upon being ordered (Dasi’s job was to follow orders) or VedVyas took advantage or Dasi herself wanted to have a child with Ved Vyasa. In whatever case this would count for exploiting a Dasi.If Satyavati had accepted ‘healthy ‘ Vidura as her heir then it would have been understood but Vidura only got a position in the ministry rather than being heir himself.Please check the below text Mahabharat of KMG"Soon after Satyavati, O thou suppressor of the foe,summoned Vyasa, after having procured the assent of her daughter-in-law. Vyasa came according to bid promise, and approached, as before, the second wife of his brother. And Amvalika beholding the Rishi became pale with fear. And, O Bharata, beholding her so afflicted and pale with fear, Vyasa addressed her and said, 'Because thou hast been pale With fear at sight of my grim visage, therefore shall thy child be pale in complexion. And, thou of handsome face> the name also of thy child shall be Pandu (the pale). 'Saying this, the illustrious and best of Rishis came out of her chamber. And as he came out, he was met by his mother who asked him about the would-be child. The Rishi told her that the child would be of pale complexion and known by the name of Pandu. Satyavati again begged of the Rishi another child, and the Rishi told her in reply, 'So be it.' Ambalika then, when her time came, brought forth a son of pale complexion. Blazing with beauty, the child was endued with all auspicious marks. Indeed, it was this child who afterwards became the father of those mighty bowmen-the Pandavaa." Sometime after, when the eldest of Vichittra-virya's wives again had her season, she was solicited by Satyavati to approach Vyasa once more. Possessed of beauty like unto daughter of the celestials, the princess refused to do her mother-in-law's bidding, remembering the grim visage and strong odor of the Rishi, She, however, sent unto him, a maid of hers, endued with the beauty of an Apsara and decked in her own ornaments. And when Vyasa arrived, the maidrose up and saluted him. And she waited upon him respectfullyand took her seat near him when asked. And, king, the great Rishi of rigid vows was well pleased with her”	If someone comes of their own accord, how is that ‘exploitation’? The maid came on behalf of the princess and Vyas Dwaipayan accepted as such. She requested a child of her own and the sage blessed her with a child superior in every way to the other two princes.After the incidence, the maid was no longer treated as a servant and given full respect due to the mother of a potential heir.	Quora has given a platform for Muppets like you to ask leading questions. Read Mahabharata (translated by KMG or Bibek ďebroi) and then ask these questions on MBH.It is not Ved Vyas who insisted on the Dasi union, it was Satyavati who insisted as she was afraid of losing the unhealthy kids, resulting in crisis to the dynasty. And Satyavati herself was from the fishermen community.	
Was Karna a tragic hero or an evil of the Mahabharata	Karna was evil. And he was the one on whose support Duryodhan persecuted Pandavas. If Karna hadn't been there Duryodhan wouldn't have dared mess with Pandavas, or think of even fighting a war with them.One essential fact to consider before anything else about KarnaKarna was an adult when he met Pandavas and Duryodhan and was under no debt or compulsion to side with Duryodhan.Karn was born to Kunti when she just started her puberty.(Around 11–13) while Yudhishthir was born several years after she got married (Atleast 23–25) and Duryodhan was born atleast two years later as per the epic.So Karna was atleast 24–26 when Duryodhan as a 11- 12 yr old tried to poison Bhima. Dronachary had not even arrived at Hastinapur yet. No one had ever insulted Karna for being a sutaputra. Pandavas had not even interacted with him. Duryodhan had not given anything to Karna for him to be indebted.Yet Karna is part of this conspiracy. A 24 yr old Karna encourages and supports a 12 yr old Duryodhan to kill his cousin Bhima for the throne. Why does he do that if he was not evil and looking to establish himself as a guardian for the boy to milk him later when he becomes the king	A tragic hero, hands down.For many philosopher he along with Bhishma and Dronacharya are the metaphor for the chaos the world faces when good people does nothing keeping their self interests aside.	Thanks for A2A.Karna is the biggest evil. He cares himself. He is over-confident.The first and the foremost lesson a guru teaches his student is-When to fight.Does anyone fight to let the world know he is the best warrior?But Karna forgot the first lesson and always looked for a chance to fight Arjuna that too to let the world know that Karna is better than Arjuna.Eventhough he never had defeated Arjuna he was very busy in blowing his own trumpet.Duryodhan went to war thinking that it would just take him to conquer Arjuna to win war against Pandavas. This made him to rest his hopes on Karna.But Karna never cared for Duryodhan. Had Karna cared for Duryodhan, he would not have given his word to Kunti to spare Pandavas barring Arjuna.Even he tried to invoke Brahmastra against Arjuna. Brahmastra would have turned everything into ashes, even his friend Duryodhan would have turned into ashes.Karna hated Arjuna without a reason, kept Duryodhan under the illusion that he can win Arjuna, insulted Draupadi.Yes, Karna is the biggest Evil.	Karna had his flaws. His status anxiety did him in. He was entirely a self made man. His urge to exceed Arjuna in archery skills made him a liar (to Parashurama) and ultimately a loser.He spoke unprintable words against Draupadi in the Kuru court and instigated Dushshasana to disrobe her. This showed him in poor light. However, not all was lost. He stood tall when Krishna and Kunti approached him and asked him to switch sides. And Karna rejected. He didn’t want Yudhishthira to know his birth secret lest Yudhishthira would shun war. Karna believed only Yudhishthira was fit to rule the kingdom.Since in the final battle with Arjuna, he was killed while lifting his stuck chariot wheel, we can conclude that Karna was equal to Arjuna in the skills. Otherwise, Vyasa would not have accorded him the status.He was later praised as Daana karna (giver) as he gave away his natural armour (kavacha and kundala) in return for Indra’s shakti weapon.He stood tall sometimes and inspired hatred at some others. So, he was neither entirely evil nor fully a tragic hero. His sttaus lies somewhere in between. Take your pick.-Vasu-	Well, Karna was both. And why must that be a surprise?Aren’t all villains of history and mythology born out of tragedies? Take Hitler for example. He is the epitome of a villain. But if we read about his childhood and look at the details of his life, we would see him as a ‘tragic hero’, a painter who ended up becoming a murderer!I feel an ‘either-or’ mindset stops us from appreciating life and history in general and Indian mythology in particular.If we read Indian mythology with unflinching honesty and unbiasedness, we will find no one was fully white, no one was fully black.Duryodhana had his own light and Lord Krishna had his grey moments. And herein lies its beauty. Only a child draws in blacks and whites. Accomplished masters paint with million shades of greys capturing the rich depth of life.Indian mythology is an invitation to relish the ‘palette of life’, its countless colours and shades.Why then this desire to determine whether Karna was a tragic hero or a villain/evil?I think we do this, because the egoic mind constantly seeks pegs to hang its own unresolved stuff. On the peg of ‘tragic hero,’ it hangs its own victim stories. On the peg of ‘villain/evil’, it hangs its own shadow/repressed emotions. We then project sympathy and pity on our victim stories forever keeping a part of us stuck in them. And we project all our hatred on the ‘external villain’ to keep alive the lie that the villain is outside, not in us, never!Not only was Karna both a tragic hero and a villain, but both these characters live in us. If we don’t heal and help the tragic hero, it will keep playing the villain. And as long as the villain is there in us, we will have tremendous rage for similar villains outside.I see the drama of Mahabharata as an invitation to end the drama within. And when this drama ends, the divine Krishna in us would be free to return to Vrindavan and play flute. Otherwise it will be stuck in Kurukshetra inviting abuse and curses!	
How are the personalities of Arjun and Duryodhan different with respect to the 3 Gunas	By teen Guna you mean Satvic, rajsic and Tamsic I think.Then Arjuna falls in Satvic and Rajsic category and Duryodhana clearly in Tamsic one.Arjuna first half was more about attaining fame and becoming a great warrior. He was focused and served his mentor for that. In those period insecurity about Eklavya and him being targeted by Kauravas did emerge. But he pushed himself to win battles and become a great warrior. He also had romance stories and fell for Chitrangada and Subadra beauty. But while doing so he upheld Dharma, followed elders and worshiped Gods.Second Phase of life comes when he looks more towards self satisfaction and learning more. He then goes on path of Krishna and Shiva. He does penances and now his life is more towards a goal of fighting a war. That is worldly nature to seek justice and Revenge but then we see him crying and deciding to not fight and leave for forests. This is the Sanyasi although tied with weakness of emotions. Krishna then teaches him Gita and frees him. He is now fighting a Dharma yudha. Arjuna is referred to as Brahmchari by Vyasa although he marries four woman and kids. This is not about sex but attaining of sense of Brahma here. He is referred to as Mahatama and great soul.On the other side is Duryodhana. From beginning to end it is all about wealth, ego and hatred. It is all about himself and being on the throne and ruling over others. He says he has no desire to rule when he loses his brothers etc but that is a defeated man and those words are not valuable at all. He tries to molest his sister in law, picks fights with everyone and is mad about kingdom.	Thanks for A2A, Both Arjuna and Duryodhana were completely different from each other.While Arjuna was a very humble individual despite being most powerful the same cannot be said for Duryodhana.Duryodhana was crooked and filled with jealousy over the Pandavas especially Bhima while Arjuna was always engaged in improving his abilities and did not get time for jealousy towards others.Duryodhana was always in the company of evil and crooked people like Karna, Shakuni, Dushashana etc. While Arjuna enjoyed his time with Lord Krishna and his dear brothers.Duryodhana had very bad attitude towards women though not as bad as Karna, Arjuna on other hand had great respect for women to the extent of refusing conjugal love with heavenly apsara Urvashi for which he was cursed.Arjuna was very merciful and did not approve of unethical killings, Duryodhana on other hand was unethical by his dharma itself and barely cared for others.Arjuna was very respectful towards his teachers and elders while Duryodhana always disrespected and doubted the dedication and loyalty of veterans like Drona and Bhishma.Lastly, Arjuna and Duryodhana cannot be compared. One was incarnation of a saint while the other of the evil Kali.	The three gunas are -sattwa gunaraja gunatama gunaThe personality of Duryodhana is primarily tamasik, while Arjuna is primarily of Rajasik guna.	
When did the Pandavas return from Vanvas	Incensed at the loss of all that he had won, Duryodhana threatened suicide and coerced his father into inviting the Pandavas for one last round of gambling, the terms of which were that the loser would be condemned to 12 years of exile into forests and a 13th year to be spent incognito, and if the cover be blown during the 13th year, another cycle of 13 years would ensue. Obeying their uncle's orders, the Pandavas played the round and again lost to Shakuni's cheating. However, this time, their patience had been nearly pushed to its edge. During the 12 years of exile in the forest, they prepared for war. Arjuna performed penance and won the entire gamut of celestial weapons (Divyasatras) as boons from the Gods. They spent the 13th year masquerading as peasants in the service of the royal family of Virata, the king of Matsya.	
What did all Arjun say to Prince Uttar before starting Virata War attacks	Arjuna was disguised as Brihannala at that time.He came to battlefield as charioteer for Prince Uttar.Upon seeing the vast ocean of Kuru Army, the prince faltered and got scared.He understood that instant death would fall upon anyone who fights this army.Not the Gods can defeat them in Battle.He asked Arjuna to return chariot back to city.Arjuna said, “ For every Kshatriya, who enters the battlefield there are only 2 options. Victory or Death. Retreat is not an option. Dying in the battle is the greatest honor any Kshatriya can achieve in his life. Control yourself. If you cannot battle them, atleast ride the chariot and I shall fight them”.Arjuna not only fought the war but also taught Uttar about bravery and fighting skills etc.Funny thing is that during the Actual war, Arjuna wailed like Prince Uttar and Krishna had to tell Bhagavad Gita to motivate him for war.	
What boon was given to Bheeshma by Shantanu	Bheeshma received the boon of of “ichha mrittyu” from Maharaj Shantanu, which meant Bheeshma would die at his own will.	Shantanu granted him the boon of Ichcha mrityu which meant that he had control over his own death and could choose the time of his death. This made him immortal until he chose the time of his death.	Icha muruthu means (deciding the time of the death).This boon was given by Shantanu to Bheesma pithamag.	
Why didnt Ramayana characters took part in Mahabharata	HiMany Ramayana characters did participate in Mahabharat, by incarnating to assist the Lord in His mission. Lord Rama himself took birth as Lord Krishna. Rukmini matha is incarnation of Sita Matha. Jambavan was still living and gave his daughter in marriage to Lord Krishna. Lakshman was born as Balrama.In fact, Mahabharat is the culmination of Ramayana. The two epics are related and intertwined. Many questions are raised. There are many gaps. Sriman Madhvachrya, the dwaita Saint has written a book titled Mahabharata Tatparya Nirnaya, which conclusively determines all questions raised and fills all the gaps. This book details who all incarnated from Ramayana and incarnated as what. It also answers many moral and ethical paradoxes confronting us by correlating both the epics with Lord Krishna's teachings. The book is originally in Sanskrit and translated version in Kannada is multi volume book. English version ( (Condensed) version is available from Madhwakart	Off the top of my head, Ramayana characters included in Mahabharata include: Parashurama, Hanuman, and Krishna — who IS Ram: Krishna is called Ram in Mahabhrata; Ram is called Krishna in Ramayana.	
Why do people compare Arjuna with Karna Even Krishna said that Karna was the best warrior	Let me start with an example.When I was in School,My father always used to motivate me, he used to tell me that if I wish, I can be top in class , no one can beat me, blaw, blaw, blaw .....When I wasn't listening to my father, my father used to scold me.He used to tell me that “I am a failure, useless and I will be last in my class", etc, etc.....Many time's he threatened me that “ He will break my leg, if I didn't work hard"Many time's he bribed me. He said “ He will gift a bicycle,bike or video game, if I get good mark's in exam's.So to get best from me, my father used different psychological methods like Praising, Threatening, Bribing, etc.Same happened in the case of Arjun. To get best from him, Krishna used all types of psychological games on Arjun/Pandavas.Krishna is a great politician and manupulater. To uphold Dharma, he never hesitate to tell lie's.Example ::At the Rajsooya yagna, Krishna warned Pandavas and said “Jarasandha can't be defeated by anyone “, but in reality Jarasandh was defeated 17 time's by Krishna and Balram , once by Bhim ( swayamwar), once by Karna , once by Arjun ( Arjun defeated indirectly in swayamwar, where Jarasandha failed to lift the bow). So why did Krishna lied to Pandavas ?????In whole epic, many times Krishna called Arjun has Undefeatable warrior, but on 17th day he said Karna is undefeatable. So why did Krishna lied??????Karna was defeated by many warriors like Arjun ( more than 5 occasions), Bhim ( more than 3 occasions), Abhimanyu, Gatothkach, Satyaki, Gandharv and Drupad . But still Krishna said Karna is undefeatable, so why did he lied??????Krishna called Bhishma, Drona, Ashwattama as Undefeatable, but everyone were defeated many times by Arjun,Abhimanyu,Satyaki,Bhim. So why did Krishna lied??????While giving boons to Arjun and Jayadrath, Lord Shiv clearly said Arjun can't be defeated, but why did Krishna lied??????Lord Parashuram declares Arjun as Undefeable in Kuru sabha, but why did Krishna lied????And goes on..........When you see all above situations, Krishna lied, because Krishna wanted to get best from Arjun, so he reacted according to situation.In Kurukshetra war, manytimes Krishna said that “Only Arjun has ability to kill or defeat any warrior “	I have replied earlier but to satisfy U ,I will give a very short reply with best logics . First question reply is simple —Only those people compares Karn VS Arjuna who have seen only serials like Daanvir karn , BR chopra & Ramanand sagar MB . And very soon one more serial ( another series of fake tales ) called “ Karn sangini” is soon going to be telecast n that will again give rise to more fake stories about Karn . And those who have read Vyasa MB , Gorakhpur Geeta press MB , C.Rajgooalchari & above all BORI then such class of people never jump in-to such blunders & Illusions. So first one is answered .And coming to second repky -: No where it’s written that Karn was declared as the best warrior . Even if ur agreed then read the 13 yrz exile where Arjuna pleased Mahadev by his unmatched & unparalleled devotion n tapsya for Mahadev . And Mahadev declared Arjuna Equilavent to him in warfare skills & gave him the boon of invincibility & gave him the most powerful weapon of 3 worlds called Pashupastra. Now it’s on U to believe the facts declared much before the Kuk war by Mahadev or rumours spreaded by Karn fans .Last but not least how it cud be possible that the boon of best warrior given by Mahadev to Arjuna changed after a very short span in the war of Kuk..? And how cud Lord Krishna turned down the sayings of Lord Mahadev during the war at kuk or cud make Lord shiva boons & Astra merely the gossips commentary ..?Hence , proved that Krishna never said such things & Arjuna was much-much ahead n better then Karn in all war fare skills . To know more about the war fare skills of lord shiva & Arjuna read Kiratarjunayam. Thanx.	I don’t know why people keep on bringing krishna said he was best warrior and only edit and paste that very portion. Krishna never said he was the best warrior. As far as the chariot pushing story is concerned it is not in the epic. Some of the counter arguments to this propaganda are while praising karna krsihna had made it clear his intent was only to make Arjuna take him seriously.!)O Partha! There is no warrior or man on this earth who is equal to you in a battle. There are kshatriyas who pick up bows and are invincible in battle. But I have not seen, or heard of, anyone like you among them, or among the supreme gods.This is first part where krishna calls Arjuna the best of all in the world. Now he has pumped Arjuna but as we see that over confidence kills he needs to tone him down so there comes a warning.Now the second part is of Karna praises as balancing the praise of Arjuna.2)O mighty-armed one! Do not think lightly of Karna. He is the ornament of a battle. Karna is strong and insolent. He is skilled in weaponsand a maharatha. He is accomplished and colourful in fighting. He knows about time and place. Heis like the fire in his energy. He is like the wind in his speed. He is like Yama in his anger. The powerful one is capable of withstanding a lion. The mighty-armed one’s chest is one aratni in breadth.628 He is extremely difficult to defeat. He is very proud and brave. He is extremely valiant and handsome. He has all the qualities of a warrior and is terrible to his enemies. He has always hated the Pandavas and has been engaged in the welfare of the sons of Dhritarashtra. Radheya cannot be killed by any enemy, even the gods, including Vasava. In my view, you are the only exception.3)People I think Miss the relevant part where karna is not good in eyes of krishna and Arjuna is the only exception who could kill him. Now comes the killing part and third step.Today, slay the son of a suta. All the warriors made out of flesh and blood, and even the gods, are incapable of defeating him in a battle, even if they were to unite. The evil-souled one is wicked in intelligence.He is cruel. His evil intelligence has always been used to bring injury to the Pandaveyas. He has opposed the Pandaveyas. Kill Karna today and accomplish your objective. He thinks himself to bebrave, as does the wicked Suyodhana. He is the root of all wickedness. O Dhananjaya! Defeat the sonof a suta.’”The other instance is Gatotkach vadh parva but that praises his armor and his shakti and says without that he is like snake without fangs. People again miss that part. and it has lots of hyperbole where even Bhima had slayed many demons equal to Ravana in power. So, let us take every statement at face value then should we?4) Same krishna then shifts his stand and suddenly Shalya is greatest warrior greater than Bhishma, Drona and karna also. People don’t wish to read Shalya parva or this statement. You know only karna parva matters to them but here Krishna says shalya was greater to Karna and only yudi could kill him. So , suddenly Shalya and yudi are only two warrior in their camps. Rest are junk. It was also a exercise so that yudi gets all fired up and gets one big name in his kitty and say he also did something to avenge his wife and get some credibility.In shortKrishna praised Arjuna many times and called him superior to all of them and could alone kill them allKrishna then said shalya was superior to Karna.I would ask people that why they are selective with choosing only two statements of karna praise by krishna over all others?I would have listed all those statements here but I know it is waste of time as this is debated several times in the past.	Comparison is human nature…..Today, you may not apppreciate the food you ate, but in times of flood, the same food would feel like a feast due to the circumstances, but more so because you are comparing yourself against some others, who don't have access to food. Comparing is a natural instinct if human brain….Both Arjuna and Karna are known to be exceptionally talented in archery, but that's not it, they both were handsome men, with a will to become a good person and had in them what it takes to be the best. And thus, this two brothers who are so similar, yet, so diifferent, that they end up opposing each other and winding up in two completely different states of life, because of their respective circumstances and thus I would say the human brain can't help but compare.On emphasizing on Karna being the better warrior, I would simply say that because he was not given equal opportunities as Arjuna, he bags the title and not because he was actually superior in terms of talent. It's like what he made of what he got, which was more that Arjuna, since Arjuna had better opportunities. But then again, no matter how much opportunities, the human beings have limit and this saturate, so I feel, if only solley to be judged in terms of talent, they both were equally good warriors. But since Karna had lesser opportunities, he takes the favourism as is the rule, the advantage of doubt goes to the batsman, in this case karna…	In dwapara yuga, only Kshatriyas allowed to master the art of war. But karna considered as sutaputra is only allowed in war as soldier. But for learning the art of war , he cheated lord parashuram for learning …The one who ever cheat parents n masters is never master any skill and never get growth in the life. So karna never considered as warrior. But Arjuna always the best with his mother or teacher drona. Even he is the opponent in the war, Arjuna is the best student of Drona.Karna is the best person in Mahabharata, because he respected his family and helped lot of poor people with his Dana . His family never felt bad at any time. But Karna is not the best warrior.Because of these , they were compared.Summary: karna is a good family person but not good but great warrior. Arjuna is the opposite	Who doesnot want to compare the best warriors and want to know who is greaterShri Krishna is always right now doubt but everyone's thinking is different and if we see Mahabharata arjuna is hero here and karna is shown as villain and everyone wants the hero to win so it's difficult to except that karna is mightier than arjuna .	
Why do people quote so many perverted and diverted stories regarding the debate on the Mahabharata	The answer depends heavily on what you consider “perverted” and “diverted”. Bcoz we are at that point of time, when myths are hailed and facts are shamed.A few years back, I was having a discussion with a friend on Mahabharata. The topic came down to the individual characters of the epic. My friend remarked - “I hate Draupadi. She called Duryodhan “blind man’s blind son” and caused the Kurukshetra War”.I wasn’t surprised. If one has grown up watching BR Chopra’s Mahabharata or even reading the fictional takes that are popular in the market, one will surely believe in this. I told him - “In Vyas’ Mahabharata and the related Puranas, Andha Ka Putra Andha is not mentioned. This theme was a composition of a later playwright/folklorist that crept into popular culture through word of mouth.”My friend was dumbstruck for a moment. But after a few seconds, he said, “Kuch Bhi! Everyone knows Draupadi said it.”I asked him - “Have you read Mbh? I mean, the actual Sanskrit text or its formal, unabridged translations?”He argued for a moment, but I was persistent with my question. Finally, he admitted - “No, I haven’t. My grandmother told me stories from childhood.”I have been referred back to loving grandmothers and aunts as “authentic sources” by a gazillion people.It is interesting to note, that for my friend, the non-existence of Andha Ka Putra Andha in Vyasa’ Mahabharata was a “diverted” story. He thought I was lying! That is why I said in the beginning, it depends on which stories you consider convoluted in the first place. If you are into the same dilemma as my friend, then please refer to the Footnotes below.To those who might be confused at the above conversation - in Vyas’ Sanskrit text, it was Bhima who had primary laughed at Duryodhan at the infamous pool scene, followed by his younger brothers. The servants too had joined in. In short, it was a laughter fest. Draupadi is not even mentioned in the direct narrative of the incident by Mahabharata’s narrator, but her presence along with other women (possibly, other wives of the Pandavas) was pointed out by Duryodhan later in his narration to his father. Duryodhan also mentioned Krishna laughing at him!It was in 14th Century, that Villiputtur Alwar in his Tamil adaptation of Mahabharata named Villi Bharatham introduced the concept of singling out Draupadi, and thus begun the tradition of showing her laughing and clapping alone, which continues to this day in both written as well as televised medium (Ref to Alf Hiltebeitel’s Cult of Draupadi, Vol I). The crowning insult of “Andha Ka Putra Andha”, however, was the handiwork of a more recent author. And this is just one example.There are millions of similar later-created stories related to Ramayana and Mahabharata - some trivial and some pivotal - that have changed the understanding of the characters as well as the epic among the masses in a wrong way. Surprisingly, most of these stories cater to Karna and Draupadi - two of the most written about characters from Mahabharata after Krishna. Perhaps, the introduction of these artistic liberties by the respective authors was for more philosophical reasons. But they later came to be interpreted in a more literal sense.Coming back to your question, why do we have such convolution? Let’s hear from the horse’s mouth. Quoting scholar Arshia Sattar in her note to the abridged translation of the Valmiki Ramayana:Translating Valmiki's Ramayana is both an exhilarating and daunting task. Exhilarating because the story of Rama is perhaps the best known and most enduring of all Indian tales and Valmiki's telling of it is certainly the oldest version we have. And it is daunting for exactly the same reasons. Everyone I spoke to during the time I was translating this text stated categorically that they knew Valmiki's Ramayana. But when we talked further, it would become apparent that what most people knew was a regional, non-Sanskrit version of Rama's adventures. Everyone knows that Valmiki's is the oldest Rama story and they assumed that what they knew of Rama's adventures came from Valmiki's poem. It was then that the magnitude of the task I had undertaken began to dawn on me: the presentation of Valmiki's tale to an audience that already claimed to know it with a great deal of certainty and self-assurance.Source: The Ramayana of Valmiki, Arshi Sattar, Penguin IndiaThis above mentioned phenomenon of “knowing” the story without actually reading the text has bigger root cause called Social osmosis. A. K. Ramanujan, in his iconic essay, Three Hundred Ramayanas explains this concept:In India and in Southeast Asia, no one ever reads the Ramayana or the Mahabharata for the first time. The stories are there, 'always already'.A pertinent question still remains. If authentic written stories are available, why don’t people read them and correct the misconceptions?First, because of lack of access or awareness of the existence of canon sources. Second, bcoz, we humans generally hate to be corrected. And third, bcoz it is easier to believe in hearsay than actually taking the effort to search the right sources and read them. Or, if said in a better manner:I don't believe any of you have ever read PARADISE LOST, and you don't want to. That's something that you just want to take on trust. It's a classic, just as Professor Winchester says, and it meets his definition of a classic -- something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read.Source: "The Disappearance of Literature" speech, 20 November 1900, Mark Twain's SpeechesOn an ending note:I see there are many that question the authenticity of the existing canon texts of the Epics. I have often been asked certain questions. Some of the common arguments are:Mahabharata has been orally transmitted through years. There are so many different versions. Besides, the canonical texts we read were written down much later, etc, etc. They are only Brahmanical. So, they cannot be authentic.To those skeptics, I’d only say this much - First read. Problem is, these days people decide that the canonical versions are “myths” or “Brahmanical Propaganda” even before reading the unabridged text properly! Please read one of the canon texts first. Also, read the supporting documents, commentaries, footnotes provided by traditional as well as Western academicians. And then, read the counter arguments by skeptics (like Devdutta Pattanaik and Anand Neelakantan) against the Epics. Once you read both sides, you would be in a position to analyze the authenticity n veracity.But if you start on a negative note and read the counter arguments first, “All canon texts of Ramayan and Mahabharat are fake” and pass your judgment at the very onset bcoz, “History is written by winners” the progress would most likely stop there itself.Footnotes:1.) Credits to Ishita Roy's answer to 13,000 pages; 100,000 verses and 19 books; I'm sure people didn't read all of the Mahabharata to know its stories. So what are the sources from which people (specially Indians) know of Mahabharata? for the quotes and understanding of key concepts. I have written an article in my blog explaining this further: The Different Kinds of Mahabharata Fans: One story, A million opinionsRead my blog post with details on Andha Ka Putra Andha: Andha Ka Putra Andha & Draupadi - An Undeserved Blemish on a Heroine2.) To read the Critical editions in Sanskrit for free online:Mahabharata - BORI Critical Edition - Sanskrit DocumentsRamayana Home3.) To read Hindi translation of Critical Edition:Mahabharata with Hindi Translation - SD Satwalekar : Veda Vyasa, S.D. Satwalekar : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive4.) To read free English translations of non-Critical Editions of the epics:Valmiki RamayanaInternet Sacred Text Archive Home5.) To read Hindi translation of non-Critical (Gorakhpur) Edition of Mahabharata:Mahabharat – Sanskrit to Hindi – Gita Press6.) Three Hundred Ramayanas by A.K. Ramanujan:http://www.trans-techresearch.ne...7.) Indologist Pradip Bhattacharya’s Blog: DRAUPADI AND HER PANCHALA	
In which form do we reach Krishna s Abode Do we get a body in Krishna s Abode or is it just the consciousness or the soul gets merged in Krishna What is it	According to many shastra(scriptures), when we reach vaikuntha where Lord Narayan is presiding deity we get four handed Vishnu form and if a soul reaches Goloka dham which is Lord Krishna’s abode if whichever bhav or mood we have worshipped him we will get that form for example if we have worshipped in1. shanta rasa we may become a bird , a tree, a river etc .2. dasya rasa we may become His servant3. sakhya rasa we may become His friend like Sridama,Madhumangala4. vatsalya rasa we may become his parents like Yashoda or elderly gopies or Nanda baba5. madhurya rasa we may become gopies in conjugal loveBut one must remember the bodies we get in spiritual world are satchidanand or full of bliss, knowledge and eternal be it river or bird or stone. Never comparethem with our bodies.namaskar	I don’t have a quote, but my understanding is that we already have a spiritual body, it is intrinsic to the soul but unmanifest when the soul is covered by ahankara.As the false consciousness drops away and the real consciousness of the soul manifests, then the body will similarly manifest. Being spiritual in nature it will adapt according to our desire as it is simply an extension of our consciousness and not something separate from us. We are our body, and as we desire, the body facilitates, thus according to our desires to serve Krishna, our body will adapt to make it possible.Every living entity has a unique way to render some service to Krishna which is fully satisfying to them, and their form will reflect this. However in the spiritual world, no one is restricted in what service they do, and a living entity can serve in any capacity according to their desire, and their form will automatically adjust to accommodate that.	There is no separate abode for KrishNA. It is clear from the following SlOka of VyAsa“ApO nArA: ITi prokTA; ApO vai narasUnava:TA yaTa; asy ayanam bhUTvA TEna nArAyaNa smrTA;”The meaning is “as beings (nArA;) are the residences (ayanam) of His and beings reside in Him, Almighty is deemed to be “nArAyaNa”.It is therefore merger.	We reach in the form of soul (energy). As the principle says, Engery can neither be created nor be destroyed it can only change from one form to another. Similarly atma shifts it's body, only when it attains the true knowledge it attains moksha or the blessings of the Lord Krishna.	
What specifically happened with Ashwathama after the war of Kurukshetra	On the eighteenth night of the battle, Ashwathhama along with Kripacharya and Kritavarma went to the Pandava camp and Ashwathhama massacred and killed sleeping Dhrishtadyumna, Shikhandi and five sons of Draupadi as well as many others, also burnt the whole camp. Then the three went to Duryo dhan lying wounded by lake Vinashan to give the news. The three fled then to escape the wrath of Pandavas.Next morning when Dhrishtadyumna's charioteer, the only survivor of the night's carnage, informed Pandavas about the massacre they were heart broken. Draupadi asked Bheem to take revenge by killing Ashwathhama and bring the jewel of his forehead. Bheem rushed to fulfill Draupadi's request. Arjun and Krishna followed him immediately fearing that Ashwathhama might use Brahmashirastra against him and Bheem had no way to counter the daivastra. Bheem found Ashwathhama sitting hidden among the disciples of sage Ved Vyas and confronted him. Ashwathhama invoked Brahmashirastra aimed for destruction of Pandava brothers. Arjun invoked his Brahmashirastra to counter the weapon. Sage Vyas and Narad came and asked Arjun to retract the weapon as it could have destructive effect on the land and masses for a period of 12 years. Arjun retracted the weapon but Ashwathhama could not, instead he redirected it to kill the unborn foetus in Uttara's womb. He was forced to give the jewel in his forehead to Bheem. Seeing the heinous acts and intention of Ashwathhama, Krishna cursed him that he would live for thousands of years alone, suffering the unhealable wound of his forehead, hated and shunned by people. Ashwathhama loved to live so much that he accepted it and left with sage Vyas to live in forest.There are many stories about sighting Ashwathhama by people but nothing could be verified.	After the death of Duryodhana, Kauravas warriors including Ashwathama made a deadly attempt to kill the Pandavas in the night when they would be sleeping. On that night Krishna took all five Pandavas somewhere else and Ashwathama entered into the camp of the Pandavas and mistakenly he killed all five sleeping sons of Pandavas.When Pandavas returned to the camp and learned about this dreadful incident they became inconsolable. They went searching Ashwathama.On seeing Pandavas, Ashwathama as the option devised a Brahmastra from a blade of grass and invoked it against Pandavas. Arjuna invokes the same Astra, which he received from Dronacharya himself towards Ashwathama. On seeing the powerful Astra heading for head-on collision that would result in the total annihilation of the earth, Lord Krishna asked both the warriors to withdraw their weapons. Arjuna was able to withdraw his weapon but Ashwathama could not do so because Dronacharya did not teach his son how to withdraw it. This limits him from using this weapon for only one instance.Instead of deviating his weapon towards an empty place, where this Astra can explode harmlessly, he directed it towards the womb of the pregnant Uttara (wife of Abhimanyu- the son of Arjuna) in an attempt to end the lineage of the Pandavas. Ashwathama tried to kill everyone in the Pandavas family. On this Lord Krishna became very angry with him and cursed him badly.As a punishment, Ashwathama was asked to surrender the gem of his forehead. Krishna then cursed him for 3000 years he will roam in the forests with blood and puss oozing out of his injuries and wounds. And he will cry for death, since he had no fear of death during the war, death would not meet him. He will have neither any hospitality nor any accommodation. He will be in total isolation.The wound caused by the removal of gem on his forehead will not heal and his body will suffer from a host of incurable diseases forming sores and ulcers that will never heal for 3000 years.	Aswathama got curse from Lord Krishna.Still he was living in the earth as Chiranjeevi.Lord krishna gave curse because Aswathama tried to kill unborn baby.	
Is there any reason behind Duryodhanas name	I would conjure a reason . Dur -referres to badness .. yodhana .. is probably one who indulges in yuddha together Meaning …one who uses yuddha for bad causes , duryodhana,. Like duh shasana one who defies rules . It may be anwarartha nsmas or names which they earned by their behaviour .	
How are Ramayana and Mahabharatam useful	In short, they tell us how to live our life. The situations across these epics are relevant to our day to day life. They are portrayed in a symbolic form. These epics give both right and wrong examples. We should look at right examples for inspiration and wrong examples for quitting bad habits.For example, how human relations should be can be learnt from Ramayana.The ideal couple:Right examples: Rama-Sita; Vasishta-Arundhati; Goutama-Ahalya Atri- Anasuya. A lot has to be written to elaborate this. The greatness of couples is visible in Bala Kanda and Ayodhya Kanda.Wrong examples: Vali-Tara - Tara invokes logic when Sugreeva comes to fight the second time but Vali does not listen, only to die.Ideal brothers:Right example: Bharata-Satrughna. They do not kill Mandhara since Rama will be displeased at them if they kill her. The affection towards their brother is more important than the entire hatred towards the troubles.Wrong examples: Vali-Sugreeva; Ravana and his brothers. Here, the younger siblings were right but relationship works both ways to be ideal.These are just examples I quoted. All human relations can learn from Ramayana. Sri Rama is ideal for many roles a human plays. Mother Sita is ideal for everything. Ravana is ideal of Hypocrisy.Similarly, Mahabharata has many such examples. Mahabharata has the entire Veda sara put into situations. Bhishma is an epitome of Dharma. During the war, when he did not have enough time to go back and perform his evening Sandhya, he took bit of sand on the ground and offered as ‘Arghya’.Dharma raja (Yudhishtir) is another ideal of Dharma. Draupadi for a wife. Dronacharya for a Guru. Dhritarashtra for dambham/hypocrisy, Dhuryodhana for jealousy and so on.Hope this gives you enough inspiration to read these epics in detail to know how they will help you in real life. Good luck and God bless!	
Is it true to say that Mahabharata was the First World War	Mahabharata was the battle between two groups of relatives namely Kauravas and Pandavas, some kings from adjoining countries or states joined the war supporting either the Kauravas or Pandavas. Countries from other parts of the world was not a part of this great battle so it cannot be called a world war.	Not really. Mahabharatha was an epic and pertained mostly about Indian Sub-continent. There are branching stories about other countries were at war with each during the same era, but still no confirmed evidence that our current generation could clearly be convinced about.On the Contrary, The great war happened and this generation of people actually witnessed it. There are thousands of recorded evidence that this war actually happened on a global scale. The great war was named as First world war only after the second world war happened.	http://No.it was RamRavan war.the first w.w,	By saying ‘First World War’ if you mean the war that started in 1914, then absolutely not.But if you mean, the first global scale war in human history (beyond our ‘known’ history), then YES.The magnitude of Mahabharata war is incomparable.	No ,Mahabharata was not that kind of war as we know it , Geography as we know it might not exists as Mahbaharata happened in different Yuga .Though Mahabharata has been associated with Indian subcontinent more as its origins. The technology and Artfare, Warfare should be inter planetary .	Absolutely not , first there is no proof that Mahabharata ever happened . Second , if Mahabharata was ever happened in our past than according to our ancient holy sculptures it fought among the Indian kings . Means every king in Indian subcontinent except of balram and one other Indian king , every major king Participate in the war . But only Indian kings not all the king around the world . I hope you found what you are looking for .	
Like Karna why didnt Krishna encourage Bhishma to join the Pandavas side Wasnt Bhishma righteous dharmic and peous Why couldnt god convince Pitamah who was neutral to both sides	I am amazed how people take Krishna offer to Karna so seriously. He made that offer to Duryodhana too to make peace. Krishna was a visionary. He knew who will be eliminated and how it will be done. He had his hit list prepared. Shishupal was spared and he was even welcome at Rajsuya but he opened his mouth. Krishna ended him there. Krishna counted his crimes prior to the incident which clearly showed krsihna was taking note of his every action and was waiting for the right moment.Those who think of krishna offer was really serious and claim that God said so are saying two contradictory things. He is God so wasn’t he supposed to know what the other party would say?He knew karna would refuse and thus offer was made in first place. Krishna also wanted to end Gatotkacha who was fighting from their side and was their own blood.So, he never made offer to karna to actually get him in the team. He repeated that by saying him that he could fight for them till Bhishma is fighting and join kauravas back after 10 days. Basically everything was just done to say that he gave karna every chance to save himself. karna did not know of his identity and people would have said that had he given chance he would have joined both parties and everything would have been fine etc etc.Even today this answer shows that mindset. krishna offered karna to join so he was Dharmic. That is cherry picking. Same krsihna called him Adharmic many times and counted his crimes and even trunk of Adharma.Same krishna did not spare Bhishma too and said that he has fallen and forgot his duty. Krishna knew that Bhishma would never quit and even karna. But karna was given that offer to give him a chance as unlike Bhishma he could get benefit of doubt of not knowing his identity or never given respect etc which still gets him sympathy.	Bhisma had made 3 oaths to his fatherHe would not take the throne of hastinavat, he would leave it for the sons of his fathers second wife sugandhini.He would not marry and fatherany sons so there will be no threat to the throne after his generation since bhisma was the rightful heirThen after these 2 oaths he makes the third one that he would live his whole life standing at the side of his kins whoever holding the throne of hastinavat and live his life for the welfare of them and the kingdom. Both yudhistr and duryodhana would be kins but not the king of hastinavat. For that time duryodhana was the prince. Any retaliation, rebel is threat to the throne. No matter how mighty and well respected the bhisma by dhuryodhaba he was bound to obey his king and also by his oath. He could have advised duryodhana not to wage war against pandavas and he did advice him. But duryodhaba was in no sanity to listen. Drona also took side with the kauravas as they were the landlords. Both bhishma and drona knew the inevitably of war and outcome of war that either the pandavas or the kauravas would last, and their time was coming to end. And they also knew it would be pandavas as they were following Krishna or dharma.	There are 2 reason for that.Lord Krishna respected bhishma pitamah as he was both elder to him and also his devotee. Lord krishna knew that bhishma is bounded by his oath and in some previous instances also he choose his oath in comparison to other .ex rejecting satyavati’s order to father children of ambika and ambalika to continue kuru lineage, rejecting lord parshurama’s order to marry amba after shalva king refused to marry her.Also lord krishna knew that pitamaha bhishma is a great soul and highly knowledgeable about every aspect of ‘Dharma’, so whatever wrong he was doing, was involuntary or half-hearted from his side. Bhishma was crystal clear about everything from the very beginning.2. Coming to karna, his case was different. How ? First he didn’t know his own real identity, second he named his loyalty as true version of morality i.e didn’t had clear understanding of righteousness. Agreed he had good qualities like being supportive and loyal towards his friend but when moral aspect of things are considered these qualities doesn’t weight much. Moreover, the true motive of lord krishna behind encouraging karna to join pandavas side was ‘to hit 2 birds with single stone’. Shri krishna’s revealation of karna’s true identity to him was part of his ‘Psychological warfare’ strategy, if karna had accepted krishna’s offer and had joined pandavas then that would have devastated duryodhana mentally and if karna refused to join pandavas(which he did) karna himself would have been left emotionally devastated and mentally weak knowing that to whom he has hated for so long are none other but his own real brothers and real mother. So you see there are reasons that “Lord Krishna has been called as The Master Strategist”.So ultimate outcome was the one which was destined to happen as per the will of SHRI KRISHNA.JSH.	Bhisma was mahamani and was not arrogant or foolish unlike Karna , Karna had arrogance regarding his archery skills and hate redness towards Pandavas. Karna was also ace person to stop the war completely.Bhisma even if switched sides could not have prevented the war . duryodhana depended more on Karna and his friends for the war than seniors of Kaurava side . Duryodhana was well aware of Pitamah , Drona , Krupa capabilities who were literally un defeatable . Also these 3 had goodwill among all the kings and were the only reason Kaurava side had gathered more support . Duryodhana ensured these 3 will take part in the war from his side .Also Bhisma & Drona from Kaurava side was in interest of Pandvas , both of them would never hurt Pandavas directly . Pitamah was needed to eliminate Pandava side supporters too . Bhisma on Pandava side would have anihilated Kaurava side completely in very few days . There was no way Kaurava could take on the power off Arjuna - Krishna- Bhisma , but that would not solve the basic reason to establish dharma . Krishna always knew people supporting Pandava sides were not righteous enough .	Who said Bhismar was neutral..He vowed to protect Asthinapur throne till his death. He will decide his death only if asthinapur throne was chaired by a king with righteousness.He was not neutral he was very partial for both sides..He himself caused most of the avoch and he told the way to kill him to Pandavas.Krishna knows that he can't change bhishma decision.He tried with Karna, but the real reason is to get the two boon from him using Kunti.Krishna know, all three Bhishma, dhrona and Karma will not join with pandavas. Still he tried with Karma just to get that 2 boons...He is the master mind....	Bhishm pitamah was tied to the throne of hastinapur so he could not be against the throne of hastinapur i.e. the king of hastinapur - king Dhratrashtra. But at the same time he couldn't fight against the Pandavas who were his grand children.Shri Krishna knew all this about the firmness for his wow. Bhishma Pitamah took plege that he would protect Hastinapur and always fight for Hastinapur till his death. He also knew that Bhishma Pitamah couldn't break his wow at any cost.I am writing this answer after watching Mahabharat. Suggestions are always allowed.	
Which demon is killed by the baby Krishna	Already answered, click on this link.Which demons were killed by Sri Krishna?	
Who killed Uluka in Mahabharata	Uluka was killed by Nakula on the 12th day of war. He was sent by the Kaurava prince Duryodhana to the Pandava camp the day before the Kurukshetra war started to insult all the warriors supporting the Pandavas. Having listened to Uluka's words, Yudhishthira, the son of Kunti and the eldest of the Pandavas, moved his army headed by Dhrishtadyumna and others.	Uluka was killed by Sahadev- one of the Pandavas, in the war of Mahabharata.	
How do I know if Lord Sri Krishna existed and ruled in Dwaraka	Best way to know is by looking for proofs physically, because everybody cannot realise him religiously/spiritually/devotionally.Existence of dwaraka is confirmed, but we do not know for sure if it is ruled by krishna.Recent excavations in India found some chariots from mahabharata.2000BC chariots set to redefine Mahabharata ageEven this doesn’t confirm that krishna existed. We have to wait for more evidences to come.If you have enough time and interest, go to the places mentioned in bhagavatam, mahabharata and start searching for proofs.	Lord Krishna is a myth and exists in the minds of those who wish to believe in His existence. Lord Krishna still exists in the minds of many as you can see people dancing to the drums of the Hare Krishna Movement.Whether any real king named Krishna ruled Dwaraka is not important for someone whose existence of Krishna is already laid in mind.	how do you know that shivaji maharaj, aurangjeb, chandragupta maurya, chanakya pandit, and so many great king exist in the past, do you have even a little bit of doubt, for sure not then why you have doubt whether lord krishna existed or not it is only due to vast propaganda of atheism that we cannot able to understand such a simple history and also such extraordinary things which is described which is impossible for any human being to dothe greatest problem is that we want to keep god in our small box of understanding which even cannot able to judge even situations properly, think on the answer what i have given now, you will understand everything.	
Why did Bhishma Pitamah physically suffer during his last days	Bhisma knew that he had commited many mistakes which were the reason for his lineage going down to destruction .He supports his father blindly and refuses all his rights which is again twisting the dharma . He could have let his father marry the women but should not have traded his right to throne and not to born any sons of his own , that was against human trait .He sees his dynasty suffering right after his father passes away , his brothers born are weak and die early , his grandsons are physically disabled and only live a stable life due to shear power of Bhisma . He kidnaps princess for his brothers by force which is against raj dharma .He gets powerfull great grand children but could not prevent internal rivalry that was prevailing at the very tender age and lets it mature to great war of destruction.He blindly follows the vows and lives by it , even lord Krishna objects to his vows which were taken 4 generation before . He had itcha mrutyu and he should not die a plain death . He chooses to let live in pain till the war ends with righteous yudhisthira taking the crown.	
Why did Bhima show his complete wrathful anger only on Dushasan Duryodhan in Kuru Sabha Why did not on Karna who is said to be the main person in disrobing and insulting Draupadi	Lakshmi Telidevara already beautifully answered the question, Karna was even more evil compared to Dushashana and Duryodhana. It's really funny how someone who had no respect for women like Karna has so many blind fans today, isn't this the effect of Kaliyuga?? Oh, I have seen the most meaningless excuses from Karna fans on many matters but none are going to change my opinion about Karna, he was a great archer no doubt but as a human being he was delusional and had zero respect for women. Karna was involved in almost every of the Kauravas's sinful acts and he was the one who repeatedly urged Duryodhana to fight against the Pandavas when even Shakuni was forbidding Duryodhana to do so. Bhima and Satyaki both defeated and spared Karna for Arjuna's oath. Bhima had vowed to kill all the Kauravas and he did to, Arjuna had his own vow against the evil Karna.	It was not Bhima.It was Vishnu who said I will drink the blood of Dushasan & Duryodhan.See, these all work of drinking blood is the work of Vishnu, not Bhima, in war !!Vishnu has done this work in his NaraShima Avatar when his devotee Prahlada was in danger.Due to which, he drank the blood of Demon Hiranyakashyapu.Even in Bhagwat Gita, he is drinking the blood of all the sons of Dhirasthrastra.O mighty-armed One, seeing Your immense form with many mouths and eyes, having numerous arms, thighs and feet, with many bellies,and fearful with many teeth, the creatures are struck with terror, and so am I. — 11.23Having merely seen Your mouths made terrible with (their) teeth and resembling the fire of Dissolution, I have lost the sense of direction and find no comfort. Be gracious, O Lord of gods, O Abode of the Universe. — 11.25Into You (enter) all those sons of Dhrtarastra along with multitudes of the rulers of the earth; (also) Bhisma, Drona and the son of a Suta, together with even our prominent warriors. — 11.26They rapidly enter into Your terrible mouths with cruel teeths! Some are seen sticking in the gaps between the teeth, with their heads crushed! — 11.27So, all the 5 Pandavas who were fighting against Kauravas in battle, were all the medium ,i.e.,You destroy Drona, Bhisma, Jayadratha and Karna as well as the other warriors who have already been killed by Me. These have been killed verily by Me even earlier; be you merely an instrument, O Arjuna. — 11.33Note : Here this verse is not for Arjuna. This verse is for all 5 Pandavas & their army, who is fighting against Kauravas. Because Arjuna is a medium, through which Lord Krishna is telling His Song to all the three worlds. i.e.The Blessed Lord said -- Out of grace, O Arjuna, this supreme, radiant, Cosmic, infinite, primeval form-which (form) of Mine has not been seen before by anyone other than you, has been shown to you by Me through the power of My own Yoga. — 11.47Not by the study of the Vedas and sacrifices, not by gifts, not even by rituals, not by severe austerities can I, in this form, be perceived in the human world by anyone other than you, O most valiant among the Kurus. — 11.48Here, from this above verse, Lord Krishna wanted to say that ['By anyone who has not received the grace', will not be able to see the Universal form'].If someone will read Gita, one will find that other than Arjuna; Hanuman, Vyasa, Sanjay, Sages, Demons, Gods, Humans, etc were all seeing the Universal form of Lord MaduSudana. i.e.It is proper, O Hari, that the world becomes delighted and attracted by Your praise; that the Demons, stricken with fear, run in all directions; and that all Siddhas bow down (to You) — 11.36And why should they not bow down to You, O exalted One, who is greater and who is the first Creator even of Brahma! O infinite One, O supreme God, O Abode of Universe,U are Immutable being, non-being, Transcendental.— 11.37.So, I just want to say that when Lord Krishna saysYou destroy Drona, Bhisma, Jayadratha and Karna as well as the other warriors who have already been killed by Me. These have been killed verily by Me even earlier; be you merely an instrument, O Arjuna. — 11.33It would mean thatBhima would kill all the sons of Dhrtarastra and other warriorsArjuna would kill Bhisma, Jayadaratha, and other warriorsDhrishtadyumna would kill Drona and other warriorsAnd so onSo, Bhima kiling all the hundred sons of Dhrtarastra doesn’t mean that it is Bhima who was drinking the blood !!!But, it’s Vishnu, in reality, who was drinking the blood by making Bhima as instrument, in war !!!Because when any devotee of Vishnu, is disturbed, and hurt, then wrath of Vishnu falls down on that being with his complete Kula, Gotra, lineage.or we say when Dharma is in danger, then wrath of Vishnu falls down on those who are involved Adharma.So, when Draupadi was being dragged in the court. None any Pandava said anything because all were on their Dharma by following the order of Big Brother Yuddhistra- who was equivalent to - Father.But when she was being dragged after when Dussasan failed to undress, then only one Pandava broke his silence.:Why did only one Panadva break his silence ??Why only one??Were Draupadi not the dear wife of all other 4 Pandavas??Yes, she was .. . .But why only Bhima stood up !!Why did not other Pandavas stand up ??And it’s answer is :- all were following their Dharma!!So, why did Bhima stand up and speak against Kauravas??Why did he do Adharma by breaking his silence , and by breaking the order of his God like and Father like Brother !!By breaking his voce, Bhima insulted his Big Brother.Bhima insulted his God like and Father like Brother !!So, I can't expect that Bhima would insulted his God like Brother.I can't expect that Bhima would insult his Father like Brother.Therefore,it was only Vishnu who showed his wrathful anger by making medium of Bhima who represents Power & Stength which is used against the Evils.And why Vishnu did not show his wrathful anger on Karna in the Kuru Sabha???It is a Biggest ever Question, and the philosophical too.And its answers is in the following links, which are not of mine, but of other Quorans.1.@ Was Karna ever punished for harassing Draupadi?2.@.Would Karna have saved Draupadi, if she yelled?3.@ Why didn't Karna protect Draupadi?But yes, Vishnu angered on Karna, at the last moment, when all five Pandavas again came to play the dice game, where they got 13 years vanvasa.So, Bhima said that I would kill all the sons of Dhirasthrastra. Arjuna would kill Karna. Sahadeva would kill Sakuni.So, it was Vishnu who made Bhima to take such an oath.It was Vishnu who took Vastra Avatar and helped Draupadi.Because Draupadi was not calling Bhima. She was calling Dwarkadisha Krishna.“O Govinda! O resident of Dvārakā! O Kṛṣṇa! O friend of the gopīs! Do You not know I am being humiliated by the Kauravas. O Lord! O Lord of Lakṣmī! O Lord of Vraja! O destroyer of affliction! Save me! I am drowning in the ocean of the Kauravas! O Janārdan! O Kṛṣṇa! O Kṛṣṇa! O best of yogīs! O soul of the world! O origin of the world! Please protect this surrendered soul, O Govinda! I am sinking in the midst of the Kurus!”So, why did Bhima stand up, and speak against Kauravas?which doesn't make sense !!!Because Bhima was following the order of his Big Brother who was equivalent to God for Bhima.Why would he dare to insult his God by disobeying his order?So, it was Krishna, not Bhima, who showed his wrathful anger to Dryodhana and Dushasasana.So, killing of all the sons of Dhirsthrasthra would already been decided by Vishnu in the Dice Game, when Draupadi was hurt.Vishnu is BhaktaVatsala.For Him, his devotee & dharma is more dear to anyone.So, in the war, it was not any Pandava who killed Kauravas.But it was Vishnu who showed his wrath by making all 5 Pandavas' instrument.Thus, it is futile to say that it was Bhima, Arjuna or anyone , killed Kauravas.Because they remained silent when Draupadi was being dragged !!They remained silent when Draupadi was asking the question of why was she gambled upon !!They remained silent always !!Because they had surrendered to Dharma !!Thanks::Footnotes ::-1.@Mahābhārata: Sabhā-parva, 67.82–32.@Gita Press_Mahabharata 3.@Sri Sankara_Bhagwat Gita	It was Bhima who decided that he should kill Dussashana and Duryodhana, Arjuna should kill Karna and Sahadeva took vow of killing Shakuni.Bhima took the vow in a state of anger.But he was in fact ready for peace and he did advised Krishna to speak in a peaceful tone as Duryodhana might not tolerate if he threaten him.In battle field Bhima and Krishna kept on reminding Arjuna of his vow that he should kill Karna.Bhima killed Dussashana on a strategic reason of making Karna dishearten before he face Arjuna.If you read carefully - Arjuna on 17th day had a fight with Yudisthira and it was there he made a promise that he won’t return from battlefield without killing Karna.In fact Krishna made a comment that the stake of that days battle was Karna.Then Arjuna met Bhima and told him the status of Yudisthira.After that Arjuna started going towards Karna and it was pretty clear for both side that Arjuna’s target was Karna on that day.Bhima killed Dussashana right after that. Then Arjuna killed Vrishasena and Karna.He kept on motivating Arjuna be staying besides him the battle - a stark contrast with Duryodhana who fled from battle field and saw the duel from far.Bhima celebrated when Arjuna killed Karna (Not like TV serials where people cried after killing Karna).In fact even after coming to know about Kran’s real identity, Bhima didn’t showed any remorse or sign of repent unlike Yudisthira who cursed all women.He was in fact unwilling to give charity as no one helped Draupadi when she was disrobed.	Ofcourse Bhima showed his anger on Karna,Who was mainly responsible for disrobing of Draupadi.Bhima knew it will be justified if Karna is killed by Arjuna,with whom Karna always vied and competed.Bhima distributed the task of killing the four culprits who were called Dushta chatushtaya .This was how he declared the way it should happen.ahaM duryodhanaM hantA karNaM hantA dhana~njayaH |shakuniM chAkShakitavaM sahadevo haniShyati || 26||'I will slay Duryodhana, and Dhananjaya will slay Karna, and Sahadeva will slay Sakuni that gambler with diceArjuna’s word"And Arjuna said,--O Bhima, the resolutions of superior men are not known in words only. On the fourteenth year from this day, they shall see what happen.Arjuna is a man of action not words. His statement vouches the fact.Bhima mentions Karna"And Bhima again said,--'The earth shall drink the blood of Duryodhana,,Karna and the wicked Sakuni, and Dussasana that makes the fourth.'I hope the questioner should observe the statement of Bhima here ..It was crystal clear. Bhima did not overlook Karna. He said the earth should drink Karna’s blood along with Duryothana’s and Dussasana’s.Arjuna also said'O Bhima, I will, as you said slay in battle this Karna so malicious and jealous and harsh-speeched and vain.For doing what is agreeable to Bhima Arjuna vowed that he will slay in battle with his arrows this Karna with all his followers. And he will send all those other kings to Yama’s land if they from foolishness fight against him.He also saidThe mountains of Himavat might be removed from where they are, the maker of the day lose his brightness, the moon his coldness, but this vow of mine will ever be cherished.And all this shall assuredly happen if on the fourteenth year from this, Duryodhana does not, with proper respect, return us our kingdom.'"Is there any doubt left at all? Both the brothers exhibited their fury on Karna and his misbehaviour in dicehall.Whoever thinks Karna did not figure in Bhima’s or Arjuna’s words can live in delusion.Sahadeva ‘s oath, He said..I shall certainly accomplish all which Bhima has said regarding Shakuni ,I will kill him with all his followers.Like Arjuna Sahadeva also mentioned Bhima and then declared his wish.Bhima was elder to them He declared how they have to take revenge on the wicked quartet.Brothers accepted his word as it definitely meets with their own thoughts pertaining to the destruction of the culprits.Bhima’s words to Arjuna on 17 th day He saidRecollect the woes of Krishna, and those disagreeable, keen, and cutting words that this wicked-souled and fearless son of a Suta used towards us, viz., 'Sesame seeds without kernel!' Recollecting all this, O Savyasaci, quickly slay the wretched Karna in battle today.If still any doubt is left reg Karna’s share in Dice hall insult of Draupadi this was the extract from Gita Press.https://ia802505.us.archive.org/BookReader/BookReaderImages.php?zip=/19/items/Mahabharata04SanskritHindiPanditRamnarayanGitaPress/Mahabharata%2001_%20Sanskrit-HindiExactly the same way Southern Edition Kumbhakonam had given.एको भर्ता स्त्रिया देवैर्विहितः कुरुनन्दन।इयं त्वनेकवशगा बन्धकीति विनिश्चिता॥ 2-90-35 (14954)अस्याः सभामानयनं न चित्रमिति मे मतिः।एकाम्बरधरत्वं वाऽप्यथवाऽपि विवस्त्रता॥ 2-90-36 (14955)यच्चैषां द्रविणं किञ्चिद्य चैषा ये च पाण्डवाः।सौबलेनेह तत्सर्वं धर्मेण विजितं वसु॥ 2-90-37 (14956)दुःशासन सुबालोऽयं विकर्णः प्राज्ञवादिकः।पाण्डवानां च वासांसि द्रौपद्याश्चाप्युपाहर॥ 2-90-38Nilakantha Bhavadipa had the same utterance by Karna.https://ia801802.us.archive.org/...Precisely these verses form Karna’s speech regarding Draupadi. These were present in Bori,Gita Press,Southern Editions,Nilakantha Bhavadipa and KMG which mostly followed Bombay Edition,Burdwan Edition.Karna’s disgusting words in English reg DraupadiDraupadi had been mentioned by Shakuni and approved of as a stake by the Pandavas.For what reason then do you yet regard her as not won?the gods have ordained only one husband for one woman.This Draupadi, however, has many husbands.Therefore, certain it is that she is an unchaste woman.Bandhaki is the Sanskrit word used by Karna.To bring her, therefore, into this assembly though she is attired in single garment.--even to uncover her is not at all an act that may cause surprise.Whatever wealth the Pandavas had--she herself and these Pandavas themselves,--have all been justly won by Shakuni.O Dussasana, this Vikarna speaking words of wisdom is but a boyTake off the robes of Pandavas As also the attire of Draupadi .Hearing these words the Pandavas took off their upper garments and throwing them down sat in that assembly.Then Dussasana, O king, forcibly seizing Draupadi's attire before the eyes of all, began to drag it off her person."My thoughts and I swear by my godI am proud of my discretion that never let me side with the abuser of Draupadi. I consider Karna more sinful than Duryothana and Dussasana because they did not think of disrobing Draupadi before Karna instigated them.Bhima was perfectly justified for asking Arjuna to kill Karna because that should be the ultimate end for someone who could be the reason for disrobing a wife,a mother and above all a woman.Death at the hands of Arjuna is the deserving punishment for Karna. You are right Bhima.FinallyLet the question be twisted in hundred ways. My answer won’t change. I hope the message reached the destination.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Ch68Gita Press Sanskrit version with Pandit Ram Narayan Hindi Translation Sabha ParvSouthern version in Sanskrit Kumbhakonam Edition Sabha Parv Ch 90Nilakantha Bhavadipa Sabha ParvKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Sabhaparv LXVII	There was a reason behind bringing Draupadi to the Raj Sabha and insulting and distributing her. Draupadi had insulted Duryodhan and Dushashan previously in the Swayambhar and in Indraprastha. Duryadhana had insulted Draupadi many a times in the game of pasha, and then an evil idea came to the minds of Duryadhan and Dushashan, to insult Draupadi in the Raj Sabha. In the presence of everybody, Dushasan pulled Draupadi by her hair, and Duryodhana made many lewd comments and remarks about her, which was very wrong, as Draupadi was his brother’s wife. Dushasan then had tried to disrobe Draupadi in front of the Raj Sabha. Karna did not do any vulgar behavior with Draupadi. For this disgusting behavior of Duryadhan and Dushashan, Bheem had got very angry, and they were the ones to face the wrath of Bheem.	Vijendra,I have answered your many questions on Mahabharata. If you have gone through my answers, you would definitely know the answer to this question.Bheema knew that Duryodhana and Dushaasana were truly evil souls - incarnates of Kali - the most supremely evil demon and Indrajit (Meghnaath - the son of Raavana in Ramayana). Karna was not an evil soul. He was an incarnation of Sugreeva from Ramayana era. Sugreeva, as you know had served Lord Raama. He had gained excess merit by serving the supreme Lord and hence, needed to lose some. Hence, he accepted the offer for friendship of Duryodhana.Bheema would kill anyone who was a Vishnu hater and deserved his place in Andhantamas (eternal hell). Duryodhana, Dushyasana and all his brothers born of Gandhari deserved only one place in the universe- eternal hell. Hence, Bheema killed both of them.Whatever Karna did during game of dice was due to demonic influence on him. Two parasite-like demons named Sahasravarman and Narakasura had attached themselves to him who took over him during the game of dice and made him to say those horrible things to Draupadi and Pandavas. He lost all his excess Punya (merit) he had earned by serving Lord Raama, as Sugreeva, by speaking ill to a sati like Draupadi. As such Sugreeva and Vali too were enemies. In Mahabharata, Arjuna was Vaali’s rebirth. Thus, both had hatred for each other. Since, Arjuna was always protected by Shri Krishna, he never was consumed by this anger against Karna and therefore was able to stick to Dharma, while Karna lived hating Arjuna always.	
What was the promise of Guru Drona due to which Eklavya had to give his thumb Did Karna not know the promise of Guru Drona to Arjuna Did Drona really find Karna above Arjuna in archery due to which he provided	Dear Vijenderawhat is point of asking questions when you have already made your mind?Even after providing you all the proof of Karna being student earlier you ask again same things but still I would give you repliesWhat is promise of Drona due to which Eklavya had to give his thumb?well, Drona had already rejected Eklavya much before he showed any talent so there must be a reason for rejection. He was a nishada prince not a poor tribal. Now, because there are many theories about it and in other adjoining texts too but still let us stick to MB for your happiness he did it because he had promised Arjuna to be the best archerIt is what you want to hear and others believe so I am sticking to general perception. Happy!!But now if you believe that part then it automatically makes it clear that he did not consider karna better than Arjuna or even in Arjuna’s league. Otherwise as per theory of asking Eklavya thumb he would have asked karna thumb much earlier because he was student prior to Eklavya entry.Now let us see when Promise was given and why?Arjuna was first to give him promise and he was the only one who had heart to do itDelighted, that great archer accepted the Kouravas as his disciples.Having accepted them, Drona called all of them together and told them privately, when they were seated at his feet, “O unblemished ones! There is a special task in my heart. You must promise me that you will give it to me when you have become skilled in the use of arms.” O lord! When they heard him, the Kouravas remained silent. But Arjuna, the scorcher of enemies, gave him a complete promise and he then inhaled the scent of Arjuna’s foreheadrepeatedly, embracing him delightedly and shedding tears of joy.Vaishampayana said, ‘Arjuna took a great deal of care in worshipping his preceptor and showed the greatest devotion in learning the art of weapons. He became a great favourite ofDrona’s. Drona summoned the cook and told him secretly, “Never give Arjuna any food when it is dark.” One day, when Arjuna was eating, a wind arose and blew out the lamp and its light. Arjuna continued to eat in the dark, his hand moving to his mouth from force of habit.The Pandava then began to practise in the night. O descendant of the Bharata lineage! Drona heard the twang of his bowstring and came to him and embraced him. He said, “I promiseyou that I will do my utmost to ensure that you are the best archer in this world and there is no one equal to youSo, It was Arjuna who gave him promise first that he will get him whatever he will ask for. A special task of a person who himself can beat gods and any warrior cannot be small. Everyone was silent only Arjuna spoke. Not even intelligent yudhishthir had that guts or Duryodhana. Drona gave him promise when he overcame all roadblocks and withdrew special attention from Ashwathama.Did Drona really find Karna above Arjuna in archery due to which he provided weapons to him?He provided weapons to everyone as per potential. He even provided weapons to karna which is proven when he went to ask Brahmastra. without having achieved other weapons no body goes on very first day to ask the best weapon. So either he had received other weapons as per his potential or he was nuts to go to ask Brahmstra directly. That makes him ineligible automatically.Now, when it comes to providing Arjuna weapons than you forget Bird eye Test and crocodile test. Arjuna got weapons due to that. He earned everything by dedication and hard work. He impressed Drona who was trying to block him to promote his son.The thing is that those who accuse Drona of being biased trained Drishtdyumna his own death. How many of us or in past can show such character?When Duryodhana was dying to kill pandavas in childhood just due to fear of losing his property or even when he had secured half of his prosperous kingdom and pandavs were given barren land. When kamsa and many others tried to kill infants who were supposed to kill himYou are happy to tell how karna gave his armor even at cost of risking death(had asked shakti too) but not how Drona taught Drishtdyumna and shikandi?Drona taught everyone and gave them weapons. You cannot judge a teacher just because how those warrior turned out but what they were at times of his school, his basic judgement of their future.But still I will give those proof to you again and to everyone entertaining this question from KMG Shanti parvaBeholding that Dhananjaya was superior to every one in the science of weapons, Karna. one day approached Drona in private and said these words unto him, 'I desire to be acquainted with the Brahma weapon, with all itsmantras and the power of withdrawing it, for I desire to fight Arjuna. Without doubt, the affection thou bearest to every one of thy pupils is equal to what thou bearest to thy own son. I pray that all the masters of the science of weapons may, through thy grace, regard me as one accomplished in weapons!' Thus addressed by him, Drona, from partiality for Phalguna, as also from his knowledge of the wickedness of Karna, said, 'None but a Brahmana, who has duly observed all vows, should be acquainted with the Brahma weapon, or a Kshatriya that has practised austere penances, and no other.' When Drona had answered thus, Karna, having worshipped him, obtained his leave, and proceeded without delay to Rama then residing on the Mahendra mountainsSee Arjuna was superior to everyone and not just karna.karna asked it to fight Arjuna. Not a good intention to get a weapon and ask it directly from the teacher.Thus addressed by him, Drona, from partiality for Phalguna, as also from his knowledge of the wickedness of Karna.Partiality for Phalguna everyone sees and marks but wickedness of karna no one cares.and from BORI CE Adi parvaThen the valorous Drona taught Pandu’s sons the use of many weapons, human and divine.O bull among the Bharata lineage! Other princes also came to Drona, supreme amongBrahmanas, to learn the use of arms—the Vrishnis, the Andhakas, kings from many countries and Radheya,344 the son of the suta. They made Drona their preceptor. The suta’s son was envious of Partha and always competed with him. With Duryodhana’s support, he showed his contempt for the Pandavas.So, Drona never thought karna was better as he never showed any such thing to him. Drona was partial towards Ashwathama and gave him special attention but Arjuan with his dedication won his heart.If you accuse him of partiality then he showed that towards Duryodhaan too by giving him special Armor of shiva which he had not given to anyone. He gave Narayanstra to his son.The point is Arjuan became his favorite student becauseIt was him who promised him that he will get his task done when all were silent even before starting educationIt was him who did that task with flying colors. BORI doesn’t have details of war but has special mention of Arjuna doing the task. So, those who will say BORI has all going together need to know same has Arjuna winning the war so he was clearly Man of the match. Drupad desire to marry his daughter proves it again. If he just wanted son of Pandu then it would have been yudhisthir not Arjuna.He worshiped Drona the most and worked day and night and crossed all roadblocks by Drona such as giving him pot of small head and keep him busy in other activities. Not giving him food at night etcHe won the bird eye test and crocodile test.and never forget there were many other students of Drona like Satyaki etc. Also those who talk of him being son of Pandu or kuru prince then their were 105 other too. 100 kaurvas, one yuyutsu, four pandavas. Many kings etc.If being biased and giving weapons could make anyone great then Ashwthama would have been the best of all.Same MB which talks of partiality and which people pick up should read this oneHowever, Dhananjaya was the best in fighting with every weapon. The Pandava was famous on earth, right up to the frontiers of the ocean, for his intelligence, perseverance, strength and enterprise in all weapons. He was thus the foremost among all warriors. Arjuna was special, not just in his knowledge of weapons, butalso in his devotion to his preceptor, though the instructions were the same for everyone.Alone among all the princes, Arjuna became an atirathaKindly note though the instructions were same for everyone.SourceBORI CE as translated by bibek debroyKMG translation avaliable on Internet Sacred Text Archive Home	Thanks for A2ASaying One single truth is more benefittable than the merit obtained by hundred aswametha sacrifices. Mahabharata said thus..A student will get top rank only when he deserves. However good the teacher is,he can not make the student exceptional. Ultimately it is the student who has to perform…not the teacher. And who knows it better than me,I was a teacher myself.A teacher like Drona knows better than you or me,the potential of his students. To whom the superior skills are to be imparted,he will decide by taking tests and judging the temperament of students.To hold Devine astrasSelf control,respect towards Elders and teachers ,discriminative power all these qualities are needed along with focus,precision and grasping power.Drona singled out Arjuna as capable considering all these factors. Don’t forget he was the incarnation of Brihaspati. I believe that.Now answers for the questions askedAnmol Kumar Sarma gave all the references..go through that please ….in additionEkalavya was denied training because he was a Nishada prince who may not have the discrimination in using Devine weapons. Harivamsa said his father was a Jarasantha loyalist.Taking only MBH into consideration,Arjuna in Udyoga Parva says Ekalavya challenged Krishna again and again and was killed. Why did he challenge Krishna? Surely he must have done that for the deaths of Sisupala and Jarasantha .Drona’s Gurukul accommodated many students..even Drishtadyumna.But Drona did not include Ekalavya.Drona did so because he was mainly appointed by Bhishma.I feel it is improper to bring Arjun into anything and everything.Drona’s decision was in sink with so many factors combined…The promise given to Arjuna did not influence Drona’s decision.Arjuna should prove his caliber depending on his hard work and focus not by eliminating one Ekalavya from the scene.There are many students who were under the tutelage of Drona including Karna. Arjuna should work towards achieving excellence and that will make Drona’s promise fruitful.Yes Drona promised Arjuna that he will make him the best..provided Arjuna proves his worth. He proved. As far as Drona’s promise is concerned,Drona had more to ponder over than the promise in case of Ekalavya.Karna ,the student of Drona.Karna was trained by Drona. That was the truth which won’t change just because you won’t believe it. We have enough references towards that. Even in Santi Parva.Drona offered all astras formally taught like Varuna Agneya etc to Karna except Brahmastra.First and foremost I will provide sources for Karna,being the student of Drona.Gita Press.Adi Parv tells how Karna became a student of Drona and how he always vied with Arjuna.https://ia802505.us.archive.org/BookReader/BookReaderImages.php?zip=/19/items/Mahabharata04SanskritHindiPanditRamnarayanGitaPress/Mahabharata%2001_%20Sanskrit-Hindi_Southern Edition KumbhakonamExcerptवृष्णयश्चान्धकाश्चैव नानादेश्याश्च पार्थिवाः।सूतपुत्रश्च राधेयो गुरुं द्रोणमियात्तदा॥ 1-142-20 (6441)स्पर्धमानस्तु पार्थेन सूतपुत्रोऽत्यमर्षणः।दुर्योधनं समाश्रित्य सोऽवमन्यत पाण्डवान्॥ 1-142-21Nilakantha Bhavadipahttps://ia801802.us.archive.org/...KMG TranslationThe Vrishnis and the Andhakas, and princes from various lands, and the (adopted) son of Radha of the Suta caste, (Karna), all became pupils of Drona. But of them all, the Suta child Karna, from jealousy, frequently defied Arjuna, and supported by Duryodhana, used to disregard the Pandavas.Bori had this information as well. Hence Karna Who became a desciple Of Drona was jealous of Arjuna and got the support of Duryothana then itself.Proof From Vana Parva That Karna was a student of DronaGita Pressshttps://ia802505.us.archive.org/BookReader/BookReaderImages.php?zip=/19/items/Mahabharata04SanskritHindiPanditRamnarayanGitaPress/Mahabharata%2002_%20Sanskrit-Southern Edition KumbhakonamExcerptसूतस्त्वधिरथः पुत्रं विवृद्धं समयेन तम्।दृष्ट्वा प्रस्थापयामास पुरं वारणसाह्वयम् ॥ 3-310-18 (27819)तत्रोपसदनं चक्रे द्रोणस्येष्वस्त्रकर्मणि।सख्यं दुर्योधनेनैवमगमत्स च वीर्यवान् ॥ 3-310-19 (27820)द्रोणात्कृपाच्च रामाच्च सोऽस्त्रग्रामं चतुर्विधम्।लब्ध्वा लोकेऽभवत्ख्यातः परमेष्वासतां गतः ॥ 3-310-20 (27821)संधाय धार्तराष्ट्रेण पार्थानां विप्रिये रतः।योद्धुमाशंसते नित्यं फल्गुनेन महात्मना ॥ 3-310-21 (27822)सदा हि तस् स्पर्धाऽऽसीदर्जुनन विशांपते।Nilakantha Bhavadipahttps://ia801802.us.archive.org/...KMG Translation Vana ParvAnd seeing that in process of time his son had grown up, Adhiratha sent him to the city named after the elephant. And there Karna put up with Drona, for the purpose of learning arms. And that powerful youth contracted a friendship with Duryodhana. And having acquired all the four kinds of weapons from Drona, Kripa, and Rama, he became famous in the world as a mighty bowman. And after having contracted a friendship with Dhritarashtra's son, he became intent on injuring the sons of Pritha. And he was always desirous of fighting with the high-souled Falguna.Bori Critical Edition said the same.Proof From Santi Parv that Karna was a Student of DronaGita Presshttps://ia902505.us.archive.org/BookReader/BookReaderImages.php?zip=/19/items/Mahabharata04SanskritHindiPanditRamnarayanGitaPress/Mahabharata05_Sanskrit-Southern Edition KumbhakonamExcerptस बालस्तेजसा युक्तः सूतपुत्रत्वमागतः।चकाराङ्गिरसां श्रेष्ठे धनुर्वेदं गुरौ तव॥ 12-2-5 (80940)स बलं भीमसेनस्य फल्गुनस्यास्त्रलाघवम्।बुद्धिं च तव राजेन्द्र यमयोर्विनयं तथा॥ 12-2-6 (80941)सख्यं च वासुदेवेन बाल्ये गाण्डीवधन्वनः।राजानामनुरागं च चिन्तयानो व्यदह्यत॥ 12-2-7Nilakantha Bhavadipahttps://ia801802.us.archive.org/...KMG English Translation Santiparva IIExcerptNarada said, 'It is even so, O mighty armed one, as thou sayest, O Bharata! Nothing could resist Karna and Arjuna in battle. This, O sinless one, that I am about to tell thee is unknown to the very gods. Listen to me, O mighty-armed one, as it befell in former days. How all the Kshatriyas, cleansed by weapons should attain to regions of bliss, was the question. For this, a child was conceived by Kunti in her maidenhood, capable of provoking a general war. Endued with great energy, that child came to have the status of a Suta. He subsequently acquired the science of weapons from the preceptor (Drona), that foremost descendant of Angirasa's race. Thinking of the might of Bhimasena, the quickness of Arjuna in the use of weapons, the intelligence of thyself, O king, the humility of the twins, the friendship, from earliest years, between Vasudeva and the wielder of Gandiva, and the affection of the people for you all, that young man burnt with envy. In early age he made friends with king Duryodhana, led by an accident and his own nature and the hate he bore towards you allBori said the same.I can provide links from PPS Sastri,MNDutta,Rajagopalachari,..etc.So what did All these versions say?Adhiratha brought Karna to Hastinapur and made him a desciple Of Kripa and then Drona the best among Angirasa descendants.Primarily Karna’s training happened under Drona along with Kuru princes.Karna went to Parasurama only when Drona refused to give Brahmastra to him.Why did Drona refuse Brahmastra to Karna?Because Karna wanted Brahmastra for the sake of fighting with Arjuna.This is how Karna requested Drona to bestow the knowledge of Brahmastra.Beholding that Dhananjaya was superior to every one in the science of weapons, Karna. one day approached Drona in private and asked him thus.'I desire to learn the Brahma weapon, with all its mantras and the power of withdrawing it, for I desire to fight Arjuna.All the pupils are equal to your own son. I pray that all the masters of the science of weapons may, through your grace, regard me as one accomplished in weapons!'Karna’s aim is to fight with Arjuna,in his own admission.So Drona denied him Brahmastra mainly for two reasons as per the text.Excerptद्रोणस्तथोक्तः कर्णेन सापेक्षः फल्गुनं प्रति |दौरात्म्यं चापि कर्णस्य विदित्वा तमुवाच ह ||१२||His love for Arjuna…aapekshaDrona who loved Arjuna like his own son ,naturally felt intrigued and disturbed because Karna straightly confessed his wish to use it against Arjuna. Drona found it unacceptable. As a teacher he had the right to feel so.Wickedness Of Karna..dauratmyamYes Drona judged Karna as wicked. Reason?He must have observed how jealous and intolerant Karna was towards Arjuna in his training days.Did Arjuna do any harm to Karna? No he did not bother about Karna or his prowess. He just concentrated on his acquisition of knowledge.Drona must have thought Karna did not have Samyam control just like his son Aswathama.Drona’s answer to Karna'None but a Brahmana, who has duly observed all vows, should be acquainted with the Brahma weapon, or a Kshatriya that has practised austere penances, and no other.'If at all Karna paid attention he would have understood penance is the best means to attain astras .But he did not bother to do so. Instead he opted to go to another teacher..Parasurama.One may ask ..did Arjuna do penance to get Brahmastra,Brahmasira and other superior astras?Yes. He did perform penance not literally but his Devotion and service towards Drona and the way he singlemindedly focused on bettering his archery skills ….he did these like he did penance.Drona himself admitted in Udyoga Parva that Arjuna served him better than his own son Aswathama.We have many desciples like Aruni,Upamanyu,Uttanka,Dipaka and many others who achieved the ultimate by means of their devotion towards their preceptors.Arjuna was another example for undeterred devotion for his teacher.The Questioner felt that Drona provided Arjuna astras because he found Karna above Arjuna in archery.I would say only those who read the text would realise why Arjuna was provided with more powerful astras.So here I present what are those qualities that made Drona decide that only Arjuna is competent enough to hold the astras.ExcerptArjuna, however, from devotion to the science of arms, always stayed by the side of his preceptor, and in skill, strength of arms, and perseverance, excelled all (his class-fellows). Indeed, although the instruction the preceptor gave, was the same in the case of all, yet in lightness and skill Arjuna became the foremost of all his fellow-pupils. And Drona was convinced that none of his pupils would (at any time) be able to be equal to that son of IndraArjuna excelled in winning his preceptor by devotion,by his dedication towards archery Skill strength and perseverance,lightness of hand..Nowhere it was mentioned that Karna excelled over Arjuna So Drona instructed astras to Arjuna.Any teacher will decide the worth of a student by taking tests.Drona also did the same. Arjuna emerged winner in every test ,bird eye,crocodile killing..Guru DakshinaArjuna scored over Karna by defeating Drupada.एवं राजन्नहिच्छत्रा पुरी जनपदायुता |युधि निर्जित्य पार्थेन द्रोणाय प्रतिपादिता ||१८||In war,by Partha in this manner Ahichchatra city was acquired and offered to Drona. Bori said thus. Unabridged Editions elaborately described Karna’s defeat and Arjuna’s victory over Drupada.Arjuna earned more powerful astras by means of his performance. A teacher like Drona will never bestow such devastating Astra as Brahmasira without checking the caliber and performance.Above all Arjuna has self control..very much needed to discriminate and decide whether the Astra should be hurled or not.yes Drona promised Arjuna that he will make him the best in the world but without Arjuna’s contribution he can not keep his word.So one should not discredit Arjuna’s hard work and sheer brilliance to glorify others.Foot NotesBori Sanskrit version of Mahabharata Ch.128Gita Press Sanskrit version with Hindi Translation by Pandit Ram Narayansouthern Edition Of Mahabharata Kumbhakonam Edition ch.12.Nila Kantha Bhavadipa Adi ParvaKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Of MahabharatAdi Parva CXXXIVVana Parva CCCVIISanti Parva II	Guru Dronacharya had promised Arjun that there won't be any other master of archery in this world, and this way only he taught him. For this reason only when he saw that Eklavya was much much better in archery than Arjun he had asked Eklavya to cut off his thumb. Because Eklavya had faith in Dronacharya as a guru so when he asked for guru-daskshina, Eklavya easily gave away his finger.Karna very well knew the promise of guru Drona to Arjun.Arjuna was undoubtedly a mighty warrior and a master of archery in those times. The weapons were possessed by Arjun, as mentioned in Mahabharata, amongst them, few weapons were definitely given by Dronacharya .while the rest of the destructible weapons which Arjun used that he achieved due to the kripa of Lord Shiva and Lord Indra. Therefore these were not provided by Dronacharya.	There are 4 questions, so here are the 4 answer-Eklavya considered Drona as his master/ Guru and offered him a fee or a favour in return. Drona didn’t want Eklavya to be a good archer in his name, so he asked his thumb which is critical organ for an archer. Let’s not be judgemental, as Eklavya has a history and he was destined not to participate in Mahabharata war.Karna knew the promise of Drona to Arjuna, that he would make Arjuna the best archer of the time and the same promise became a reason for Drona to not accept Karna as his pupil. Karna didn’t like Drona much, for him being biased/ obsessed to Arjuna’s talent.Except Duryodhana, nobody believed Karna that he could match to the archery of Arjuna. Drona was not an exception.Drona offered no weapon or favor to Karna, to help him combat ArjunaDrona was a good teacher, but couldn’t make his son the best archer…. Not because he didn’t intend to, but because it requires a good, patient, focused learner too. People give credit to Drona, but let’s not forget that Arjuna too has done a lot to be what he is.Drona probably deserves a criticism for not giving good values to Ashwatthama (remember he cowardly killed 5 sons of Pandavas) and that he gave Bramhastta to Ashwatthama but didn’t teach him to recall it.	There were 2 pre stories to this,Dronacharya had a childhood friend drupada who was a kings son. When they were in aashrama for education they were so close that drupada had promised he would go e half of his kingdom to dronacharya when he becomes king. After many years followed dronacharya being a poor bramin remembers his childhood friend and goes to him for some help. But drupada totally denied him as his friend as he would have to give him half the kingdom. He acts like he never knew dronacharya. Dronacharya later became the teacher for kauravaas. In a day of gurudakshina dronacharya tells this story to his disciples kaurav and pandavas and asks them to bring drupada to his knees. Duryodhana went along with kauravas but failed then Arjuna Alone beats the drupada ties him to his ratha then bring him to dronacharya. Drupada was deeply humiliated, dronaforgives him and also remembers his betrayal. Then he gave a promise to Arjuna that he would make him the best archer in the world.Ekalavya comes to hastinavat and finds dronacharya is the prestigious teacher. He then goes to drona and asks him to teach archery. Drona totally denies it as he was under the oath to bhishma that he will not teach any body outside of kuru family( kaurav and pandavas).Then we all know that ekalavya mastered archery by himself by making a mud statue of drona. One day Arjuna along with drona went to forest. An arrow directly hits the mouth of Arjuna's barking dog, Arjuna finds ekalavya and asks angrily asks about who has taught him his skills. Ekalvya shoes the mud statue of drona. Arjun was very angry and asks drona that you had made a promise to me that you would made me a greatest Archer in the world yet he is great Archer than me and your pupil. Drona tells him I did not teach him anything and he learned everything from himself. But Arjuna does satisfy with his answer. So drona asks for gurudakshina (a favour/ payment as ekalavya consider drona as his guru). Ekalvya replies i will give whatever you ask. Drona asks for the thumb of the right hand. Ekalvya without a second thought cuts his finger and gives to drona. He did not even think he could not continue archery with his thumb. So under his oath to Arjuna that he would make him the greatest Archer drona eliminated ekalvya as a competitor.	Drona had promised to make Arjuna the best archer in the world, after observing his application and dedication to the science of archery. A teenaged Arjun, seeing the skill of Ekalavya, which definitely was superior to him at that point, petulantly reminded Drona of this promise. Which Drona proceeded to keep by asking Ekalavya for his thumb, knowing that this would reduce his effectiveness. Though my personal opinion is, Drona did this to reduce the capability of a future enemy of the Aryans.Karna may have known about the promise. But that mattered very little to him. He was appealing to Drona’s sense of fairness and impartiality as a teacher. However, Drona had already observed and assessed the personality of Karna. He also must have been privy to Karna's jealousy of Arjuna. He knew that Karna wanted the celestial weapons to kill Arjun. And such a weapon in the hands of a warrior that plans to use it for personal gain alone can spell disaster. Hence, he took refuge under a technicality. What he meant was that celestial weapons can only be used by a kshatriya that who has the ability to remain steady and dispassionate during a war. A person who is in full control of his senses to judge the impact of using such a weapon. Arjun possessed that personality. Ashwatthama didn’t. But he was Drona’s son and Drona was blind in his love for Ashwathhama.Drona obviously found Arjun far superior to Karna at that stage. And he was proved right, because, Arjun went on to establish his deeds, singlehandedly later	
In the Mahabharata despite Lord Parashurama being an avatar of one of the supreme gods Lord Vishnu how could Bhishma be on the verge of using an astra that he knew from his previous birth but was unknown to	Parashurama was NEVER defeated by Bhishma.Infact on the final night of their battle, his pitars (Jamadagni, Ruchik etc) appeared before Parashuram and persuaded him to give up the futile fight. They told him that another man was destined to kill Bhishma, and that he should not let his anger cloud and destory that man’s future.To this Parashuram acquiesced, he realized that without the use of deadlier weapons it would be impossible to win over Bhishma, and so he gave up.At the time of this fight, Parashuram had given away all his precious and deadly bows, and his deadly astras. Bhishma was in prime, and he had not given up any astras.It should also be noted that this is a story told by “Bhishma” about “how Bhishma is great”. It shouldn’t be taken literally.Similarly, Bhishma was a Vasu, he got some last minute help from other Vasus, whe he was upset and annoyed that he couldn’t hurt Parashurama, even though he was the greatest warrior of his time.They claimed that it would be impossible for him to kill “that sage of Bhrigu’s lineage” ie. Parashurama. He is invincible and immortal.So instead, they give him a weapon that was powerfull enough that it can temporarily make Parashuram sleep(for others it would have been a deadly weapon, but Parashuram was a God, so it could only make him sleep). In duel, a sleeping opponent is considered lost.Conclusion :At best Bhishma could have made Parashuram sleep, and win on grounds of technicality.Parashuram had given away all his deadly weapons, long before.Parashuram was pursued away from the battle by his ancestors on the last day of battle.Bhishma was helped by other vasus on last day of the battle.At best Parashurama could have destroyed (killed) Bhishma, but that would have caused major disruption in events of future, so he didn’t go that path.Parashurama is still alive , Bhishma is dead.	A good question in deed.It's not that parasurama was defeated by bhishma, instead he accepted that he can't win over bhishma. Bhishma was not just ordinary man he was a Vasu , powerful demigod, originally. And due to a curse he has born as a human in earth. Bhishma knew most of the celestial Astras and has a boon to choose death when he wish. Note that the base of Mahabharath was the brahmacharya viradh of bhishma. If bhishma chose to marry then MB would be totally different. Think of a situation that parasurama won over bhishma and ordered him to marry Amba ( for whom they have fought). MB war might not have happened. Knowing this, parasurama atast accepted that he could not win over bhishma.	Bhishma used the prashvapastra which was a celestial weapon only known by the Vasus and supposedly constructed by Viswakarma. Bhishma was helped by the celestial Vasus in the battle with Parshurama. Pashurama had no knowledge or counter to this weapon. However, Bhishma actually did not use this weapon as the Vasus themselves ordered him not to use it.The reference to this is in Udyoga Parva of Mahabharat.	
What Mahabharata book should I buy in Hindi which is true to Vyas Mahabharta as in sacredtexts com and contains all the facts and details for my grandpa	Buy it from Gita Press Gorakhpur. They have book stores all over.महाभारत हिन्दी टीका के साथ, 6 खंण्डों में (MAHABHARAT WITH HINDI COMMENTARY IN 6 VOLUMES) ₹2,250.00 Book Code: 0728	There is only one publication which can give you most authentic flavor of Mahabharata. Without any doubt, go for Gita Press Mahabharata. You will find Mahabharata from several pages to several thousand pages. Choose the bighest one to have all minor details. Just fantastic…	
Who was Vidur 1	
If Sahdev of the Pandava princess knew the past future and the present then why didnt he know Karna as his eldermost brother	You asked a very important question, and it is very essential this question is appropriately asked i.e., pointing the core of the paradox that needs deeper understanding.The Divine Will factor & Free WillWhat does knowing Past & Future mean? Does it mean that everything is pre-programmed? Are we all walking robots? How are we different from zombies whose brain is taken over as in some Hollywood sci-fi movies?Do you say we are all walking robots without any self-consciousness, without any decision ability and a thinking mind that drives the actions. Collectively, this space is referred to as FREE WILL.So, do YOU have free will?You should be very clear about this before making impersonal philosophical questions.You can conduct experiments on yourself to determine if you have free will, if you do not already know for yourself that you have.Think of the small tasks that can be done all by yourself using your own limbs, brain and self. Think of these scenarios:Place an object on table and stand before it. For simplifying the experiment, let’s restrict 2 choices. To pick it up or not pick it up when the clock ticks a minute. Try testing your free will. You will ALWAYS succeed to prove you have free will.Open your ward robe and wear the dress you want. If you are not sure if someone is influencing you, just make sure to use your own thinking, decide, and wear the chosen one. Randomly, before execution, pause to re-evaluate if it is really you deciding the dress to pick up.Without any external influence, even inside your mind, you can observe that you can do something (or not do that something) completely at your will. You can do what you want to do.However, this can be observed to be working perfect for simple tasks. Now, think of a bit complex tasks. Like waking up at some early morning hour and going for 1 hour jogging. This too is something you can do with your own limbs, brain and self. But you might face some stress in exercising your free will.Now, think of even complex situations like trekking the Mount Everest. This too is possible, theoretically, as many people even without limbs have proven this is possible. Does this prove to you that you can do it? You will start to doubt yourself. You will think about a supernatural force and start speculating whether it’ll allow you to do it or not. Several aspects are in its control: the weather, your health etc. To give a simple name to all this list, we call it FATE. To give a name to the nameless, formless entity that governs all the forces around you, we call it the GOD or ISHWARA.But think again, who gave consent to the physically impaired to climb up the Mount Everest? No one! Not even the doctors would give a fitness clearance certificate for such risky act. However, they did not wait for anyone’s approval, even god’s. They just focused on their own free will and ability to translate their will into a physical reality (action performed) and they jumped to do it than to contemplate.It is very important to understand these 4 basic things before we come to your question.There is free will for all of us. There is free will for you through which, you asked what you wanted to. There is free will for me, through which, I chose to answer and I am writing the answer. No god would/could snatch the free will out of you, as it is your core tenet. In fact, when you understand the Advaita, you’ll know that the free will itself is the consciousness that ever is. Everything else is a derivative of it, even creating the world is.There are various parameters beyond your control. There are thousands of them right here all around us all the while. Any second, we could drop dead, if the supernatural force wants so. Those who drove to work may not return home. Those who planned a weekend may be forced to cancel all and stay home. The whole world is filled with a divine plan that rolls on its own. It gets executed through the free will choices of all the inhabitants.So, Future is not a static thing like the text in history books. History is what has already happened and will not change. Future is not something which had already marked as virtually done. YOU can play your role in shaping it up right now right here. You have complete freedom in shaping it the way you want.However, you may be able to affect only a small portion of the collective change, because of your limited self’s reach. Sometimes, the intensity of the uncontrollable parameters becomes so strong that you keep on getting the signals that you are swimming against the river flow. In spiritual terminology, this means that “your free will is not aligned to the Ishwara’s plan”. You may still succeed, if your will is so strong to move the mountains. Or you may give in [to the fate] and go with a happy-go-lucky life approach. This boils down to YOUR action, YOUR will, YOUR ability.Now, coming to your question: If Sahdev of the Pandava princess knew the past, future, and the present, then why didn't he know Karna as his eldermost brother?What Sahadev knew is the past-present-future of the Ishwara’s plan of clearing the evil, which means, he knew that the Mahabharata war is inevitable and several people would die. He might be even knowing who would die. Krishna too ratified the same in Gita slokas. However, one of these 3 might have caused his silence:Possibility 1: Sahadev’s free will is not sufficient to change the course of Ishwara’s grand plan. He is just one piece in the game.Possibility 2: Sahadev might not even have it in his free will to stop the war. After gaining Gyan as per Gyanayog in Bhagavadgita, a person becomes indifferent to the variance in results of an action, because either ways, he sees the divine play unfolding itself, so he does not see a point in meddling in it. When they mature, they even enjoy watching the play. Life becomes to them like watching a perfectly-scripted hollywood blockbuster. They submit their will to the divine (Bhakti yoga) and just enjoy being Saakshi (mute spectator) to the Leela (the grand divine play)Possibility 3: Sahadev may have thought about saving Karna by telling what he knows, but may have refrained because that would meddle into the free will of Karna. This is another common pattern among the Gyanis. They respect the boundaries and don’t just save you until you ask to be saved. If those who can save are to save others by brute force, please note that realized souls like Shankaracharya, Buddha all wanted to save us. But they recorded their teaching and left it to us (our free will) whether we want to take it or not. Note that in Bhagavadgita Chapter 1 Arjuna Vishada Yoga, when Arjuna was pouring out all the agony in his heart and making up all false theories himself, Krishna uttered not single a word. When Arjuna finally said to him in Chapter 2 “Sishyasteham sadhi mam tvam prapannam” (meaning, O Krishna, please take me as your disciple. Please guide me. Please do good to me. Please give knowledge to me. Please instruct me to do what is right). It is only THEN, the almighty started speaking to him and then flows the 17 chapters of Gita gyan. So, for Karna to know something, his free will should be ready to seek it. Perhaps Sahadev knows this. But how can we ascertain that? We have clues in Mahabharat itself. Krishna did approach Karna and told him he is elder brother of Pandavas. Similar to his instruction to Arjuna, he did give an instruction to Karna to leave Adharma and come to the side of Pandavas, who are on his side (or the almighty on their side). In spite of knowing this truth, despite god’s direct instruction, Karna used his free will to stay with Duryodhan. Isn’t his death a consequence of his free will? Isn’t his death, indirectly, his free will? This is how Ishwara executes his grand play - the Jagannataka (the drama called the world). I personally do not think, even if you and me know the future, we should never attempt to swim against that. It is in our best interest to be on the side of the divine, stick to the Dharma, and be ever ready to take directions or instructions. In Bhagavadgita terminology, this is called BHAKTI. Bhakti is surrendering your free will into the Ishwara’s Maha Samkalpa.IMHO, if you get the superpower to know the future, just be more humble to the lord and keep doing what you are doing. If you get a time machine, do not go to any time/place of your fantasy. It won’t be any better [for you] than where are you placed right now.EDIT: A month after writing above “If you get a time machine, do not go to any time/place of your fantasy. It won’t be any better [for you] than where are you placed right now”, I stumbled upon this Block Universe Theory. Check it out, the supposedly scientists and theoretical physicists are now thinking of the same logic for understanding time.http://www.abc.net.au/news/scien...	There were more more people knowing the secrets of Karna’s birth , who were more relevant and they did try to prevent war considering Karna which could have prevented war of such scale .Ganga, Adirath , Kunti(offcourse) , Surya , Bhisma, Indra , Krishna to some extent Parshurama knew Karnas true lineage .If mother Kunti didnt bother about informing Pandavas about Karna and who was only concerned about safety of 5 pandavas then who the heck Sahdeva is to break the jinx, Sahdeva is youngest of all and most irrelevant kid among the pandavas. Kunti is most hidden character who is equally responsible for the war . She lets her first born son suffer for no fault of his since birth till death .Bhisma too is equally responsible as his whole family was at stake and being the eldest and most experienced of the lot he too didnt bother to take Karna issue with Dhristhirastra , Gandhari , Duryo dhanaand vidura ,Yudhisthira , etc.Krishna even though supreme of all, took liberty in trying to persuade Karna at best he could though it was nothing do with any family business . Its Karna decision to let the things move on and asks Krishna to let the secrete continue till war is over .Had Karna accepted the offer positively , there was no stopping Krishna from telling Pandavas about Karna.Suppose Sahadeva could have managed to inform Yudhisthir about there elder brother at the cost of his own life , still Karna would have choosen to support Duryodhana , May be Bhism pitamah would have debard Karna from participating in the war till end , may be Pandavas would have avoided Karna till end , or Karna would had been killed by some other warrior , say Satyaki / Abhimanyu / Ghatochkaoch and not by Arjuna .	Sahadev thoroughly understood the future, even the result of the war, But he was cursed that if he revealed it to anyone his head would blast into pieces. In this way, I figure he may have thought about Karna as well, however stayed silent about it.But last kunthi tells about birth behind karna to pandavas.	Many people has the same doubt. I try to clear this doubt. Sahdev did not know the past, present and future just like that. He has the power to know past, present and future in which he show interest and wish to know. That is, he will not get to know which he has not shown interest. In the case of karna, he did not think too much on who he was and the relationship between karna and Pandavas. Hence, he did not know that karna was his bro. Had he thought to know about karna fully, he would have come to know of him.	Sahadev had a special power to interpret the signs of the universe and from that, he used to predict the future…not exactly what will happen, but what may happen.He was no Tri-kaal-darshi, he could only predict the future somewhat like our modern aged astrologers.	
What was Lord Krishna doing when the Pandavas were in exile	The very fact that the question presumes Lord Krishna was born on earth to help the Pandavas is a bit flawed in my opinion.Lord Krishna had a very different agenda: To establish “Dharma” (loosely to be interpreted as righteousness and ideal way of life) on Earth. Pandavas being who they were had the benefit of Lord Krishna’s guidance. That’s all. Lord Krishna was the de-facto ruler of Dwaraka and the Yadavas. Thus said, he had his own set of duties to be performed as a human being.The OP might argue that being God, he could be at more than one place at the same time. However, we should never discount the fact that even God doesn’t interfere in His own rules of Karma and its effects. That is what makes him God. Hence what was exile to the Pandavas was simple a result of their Karma of the current and all their previous lives. Thus Lord Krishna was no-one to interfere and solve their problems.My two cents.Peace!	Krishna had lots of other things to do.Most of us only know Krishna as told in Mahabharata stories. But he had his own life too. There are many aspects of his life than guide (not just charioteer) to Arjun. He was good son, husband, brother and great king. He didn't interfere in Hastinapur unless called upon by Draupadi and then Arjun.	Great question.... no much activities of Shree Krishna wrote in Mahabharata when pandawas were in exile... But surely he was helping them. Once rishi Durvasa came to meet pandawa with his followers. There was no food to serve them with droupadi. She meditate Krishna.... and few numbers of rice pieces fulfilled all the rishi's bhog.	
Whats the difference between Rathi Ardhrathi and Maharathi	Good question but I wud like to reply it in my Logical way. Being a technical person I have always loved Algorithms. The result of Algo cud turn n defeat any biased assumptions . I have not read the exact description of such Ranks description. And the exact definition of Rathi, Maharathis & Atimaharathis is still not known clearly . If based on feats achieved by Bhisma , Shalya , Pradyuman , Satyaki , Kritvarma Bhagdata , Jaydratha , Kichak , Arjuna , Drupad , Shantanu , Dushyant , Karn , Shisupala etc then definitely Arjuna & Bhisma were on the top . If u count on the base of kuk war then defeats of Karn makes him much more down in the ranks of such category & makes Bhimsen on much higher ranks. I have taken Karn in account cuz in my Re-research he was not even in top 10. And his fan club has made him Equilavent to Lord Mahadev . Which was insult to Lord Mahadev n Narayan too . Cuz Satyaki ,GHATOTCHAKA, Abhimanyu, Pradyuman,Bhimsen , Yudhistra , Drupad -Dhristdhyuman & few more defeated him handsomely ( I won’t name Arjuna cuz again as per shiva saying n boon he was Equilavent to him so he was above all such ranks, and see his achievements which were unparalleled ) . Jaydratha boons given by his own father n shiva certainly makes Jaydratha a step higher in ranks comparing to Susarman , Karn , dushsana , Kritvarma & few more . Dnt forget that Boons by Mahadev & devotion shown towards him by Parshurama, Draupdi, Gandhari & from Jaydratha to Arjuna fetch them great things in every part of their lives . After Mahadev boon Duryodhana became more lethal then Balrama ( his mace teacher ).So , still this part of MB has to be presented in more better way. There are many ways to give a better view . For e.g the scholars who had produced BORI critical edition has definitely taken the age factor of Draupdi as vital source of information to prove that she dint utter a single word to Karn as Suta putra. She was very innocent during her swayamvar which also nulllifies the imagination of many self oriented writers that she had any corner of effection towards Karn before or after swayamvar . Take another e.g of Abhimanyu . I wud like to give my calculative Logic . His victory over more then 22 great skilled warriors was some thing which made him extraordinary & even above Ashwatthama ( forget Karn n Jaydratha ) if u add few more then u will be surprised to know that he was so lethal on day 13th day that he defeated Kritvarma , Drona , kripa , Duryodhana, dushsana , Shalya etc. in less then 15–20 minutes . If we take 25 as total count of bunch of Rathi, maharathis & Atimaharathis then to defeat each of them Abhi wud have definitely taken 15 minutes for each . Now Multiplying 15*25 = 375 minutes,which makes 6.25 hrz of total time to defeat them in Man to Man combat .Now coming to those Rathis & Maharathis who got killed at Abhimanyu’s hands - Vastiya, Rukmaratha (Shalya’s son), Lakshmana (Duryodhan’s son), Kratha’s son, Vrindaraka (Kuru), King Vrihadvala (Ruler of Kosala), 6 councellors of Karna and his younger brother; Aswaketu (son of the ruler of Magadhas), Matrikavata (Bhoja); Satrunjaya, Chandraketu, Suryabhasha, Mahamegba, Suvarchas (five foremost warriors); Kalikeya(Shakuni’s son). Now it makes a tally of again 25 warriors . If Abhimanyu had taken an average time of 6 minute to kill each then 25*6=150 minutes which makes 2.5 hrz of total time to kill . This means Abhimanyu took 9 hrz in defeating 25 Maharathis & killing 25 Rathis . It makes the tally of 50 which consists of Rathis, Maharathis & Atimaharathis And Abhimanyu killed almost 2 AKSHAUHINI on day 13th. Add another 15 minutes when he defeated Karn second time . To kill 2 AKSHAUHINI he may have taken 1 more hr .. these all actions consumed total time of 10 hrz . It proves that Abhimanyu was too a killing machine just like his father . He was a warrior of extraordinary valor which was unmatched seeing his age n feats . Now ,where Abhimanyu shall be placed is question in Queue..? Atleast not par with Karn , Duryodhana n dushsana cuz his Valor deserves a better n higher rank then such Maharathis . If u give him the rank of Maharathi then u will have to put D-K-D company n many more in bracket of Rathis & if u put them in bracket of Maharathis then U will have to put Abhimanyu in ranks of Atimaharathis.I wud like to give Abhimanyu ‘Paramveerchakra’ if asked in today’s terms of martyr honour . So crux of the story is that I personally feel that a lot has to be searched & Re-searched to make such brackets . Which definitely needs multiplications, addition & offcourse substraction too. With out logics such brackets are useless . I have given just one e.g but I have tried to put best logics behind Abhimanyu’s rank of honour in Atimaharathis warriors . In the same manner we can define Rathis & Maharathis bracket too. Thanx.	
What would have happened if Pradyumna fights with Bhishma Pitamah	Actually they have fought and Pradyumba beats Bhishma but not in Mahabharat but Harivamsha which is accepted as appendix of Mahabharat. However , many dismiss it as other purana but there is a big difference. Unlike other puranas it is accepted as part of Mb by many scholars.So, what happened as per Harivamsha which is source of most of the stories of krishna and Balrama. In fact many of yadavas stories are in Harivamsha.once Jarasandha convinced Duryodhna to ally with him. Timeline is not clear but it might be after karna impressed Jarasandha by defeating him or it could be earlier. So, under Jarasandha a grand alliance of Duryodhana, karna, Bhsihma, Rukmi, Shalya etc attacked Krishna.Then Pradyumna came forward and faced that attack. He defeated Karna and others. He then used his powers of illusion and captured them all. He tied them with divine rope he had received from Shiva and threw them all in cave of illusions.pramathya tarasA karNaM yatantaM raNamUrdhani |jagrAha balavAnkArShNiH prasphurantaM tatastataH ||2-84-47the powerful son of kR^iShNa, (pradyumna), at the front of the battle, oppressed karNa who was trying hard for victory in the battlefield and caught him, who was struggling.vinadya cha guhAM vIro ghorAM mAyAmayIM nR^ipa |duryodhanaM cha rAjAnaM virATadrupadAvapi ||2-84-48O king! (janamejaya! vaishampAyana continued) and threw him into the terrible cave of illusion. In the same way (he caught) king duryodhana, virATa, drupada,shakuniM chaiva shalyaM cha nIlaM chApi nadIsutam |vindAnuvindau rAjAnau jarAsaMdhaM cha bhArata ||2-84-49shakuni, and shalya, nIla and also the son of the river (bhIShma), the kings vinda and anuvinda as well as jarAsaMdhatrigartAnmAlavAMshchaiva vAsantyAMshcha mahAbalAn |dhR^iShTadyumnAdikAMshchaiva pA~nchAlAnastrakovidAn ||2-84-50trigartta, mAlava as well as the highly powerful vAsantya, and the expert archers such as dhR^iShTadyumna as well as pA~nchAlatathA.a.abhR^itimuvAchedaM mAtulaM rukmimeva cha |shishupAlam cha rAjAnaM bhagadattaM cha bhArata ||2-84-51Then O the one of bhArata race! He (pradyumna) called AhR^iti as well as his uncle rukmi, shishupAla and king bhagadatta and told them:sambandhaM cha gurutvam cha mAnayAmi narAdhipAH | guhAmimAM ghorarUpAM yatra prakShepayAmi vaH ||2-84-52O kings! I respect our relation and your dignity. I am putting you into this terrible cave.bilvodakeshvareNAhamAj~naptaH shUlapANinA |prakSheptavyA narendrAste guhAyAmiti dhImatA ||2-84-53The lord of bilva and udaka, the one who holds spear in his hand, (shiva) has ordered me to hold you in a cave.He was no ordinary warrior. He had slayed many demons. He was so wonderful that Arjuna said he could trust only Pradyumna and Satyaki who could replace him in battle. He was Master of illusions and even when Krishna was unable to understand Maya of Nikumba he was able to understand. (of cource Krishna was pretending there ) He possessed many terrible weapons like Vaishnavtra and others. He was trained by Mayawati, Krishna , Arjuna among many. He was incarnation of Kamdeva and had divine element too.Those who discredit his bravery by questioning Harivamsha for them even in MB he is mentioned as greats. He is said to be among few who knew to break chakravyuah.source http://mahabharata-resources.org...	Pradyumna was indeed son of Krishna having leverage passed in his DNA. But he was not god and had no divinity . Pradyumna was indeed a great warrior but is not at all relevant in Mahabharata . Except for Balrama ,Subhadra Krishna was no at all concerned for any of his blood relatives .Krishna lso had a son named Sambha who was also a great warrior but had evil mindset .Bhisma was pure soul and was blessed by all worlds since his birth , there was no weaklinks which could defeat him . Besides he had itcha mrityu boon .Bhisma would have defeated Pradyumna but would not have killed hims as Bhisma was also devotee of Lord Krishna.	It already happened in harivamsha and Pradyumna defeated entire kuru forces including Bhishma, Karna and Duryodhana and put them in illusions.	
Why does Krishna did not stop the war even when he is great and can change others mind for good	krishna if he wants with his sudarshana cakra he would have destroyed everything, for him nothing is impossiblekrishna always want to give credit to his devotees, even when arjuna was not ready to fight with his full power with bhisma, krishna lifted the wheel of chariot and ran over to kill bhisma and he was about to break his vow which he had made that he will never lift weaponas krishna tells in bhagvat gita that my devotee will never perish, to save arjuna from bhisma he was ready to break his vow that is greatness of krishnaAnd because this mahabharat happened that’s why we know that pandavas are the heros who sacrificed so much in life and people get inspiration from their determination and so many wonderful qualitiesThese all pastimes what krishna does is not just a history but to teach people how to live such a life of devotion, determination and loyalty, by this we can learn the greatness of lord and his love for his devoteeswhenever any incarnation of god or god himself does any pastime, it has multiple reasons for that if all demons would have been killed by krishna alone then how such a great benediction and history like Mahabharata had came about in which krishna himself tells bhagvat gita for Arjuna not only for himself but for whole humanity.	
Did some Muslims and Christians exist during the Ramayana and Mahabharata periods	The concept of different religion was not existent at the time of Ramayana and Mahabharata.The only religion was mankind.	Are you nuts or What? Mahabharat happened almost 6000 years ago. How come Muslims and Christians will exist? Christianity came into existence 1700 years ago and Islam came into existane 1400 years ago.	No.At the time of Mahabharata these religion didn’t originate.Infact there is no term like hinduism,there are two catogories one is called Aryan and ther other is Dravidian.Yawan and mellechas are considered outside sanatan dharma.Like Islam or other religion present day.	Chrisisniy and Islam did not exist even in Moses’ times	
Why was killing Sahasrabahu easier than killing Ravana	Ravana is not a person to be hard to kill. Even sahasrabahu & vali overpowered him easily. If they had thought to kill Ravana, they would have done it easier - but they did not kill Ravana. Lord Rama , main aim is not only to kill Ravana but also to teach Lesson to humans , be with only One lady in the Life. Hence, Rama as a human has to show struggle to beat and kill Ravana - due to the boons & weapons ravana had. In the case of Sahasrabahu, he did not have such boons and protections. Hence he was killed by Lord parasuram little easier.	
Which parva of Mahabharat includes the character Ekalavya	Aadi parva of Mahabharat has Ekalavya’s story. I am aware that he also fought for Paundraka Vasudeva or Jarasandha. Jarasandha was mentioned in Sabha Parva but I haven’t read it so cannot comment.Hope this helps.	
What is the birth star of Shakuni	As far as I know according to the name of Shakuni, starting from letter 'S' his birth star should Aquarius. Who knows the time and date of Shakuni's birth?I hope my answer will help you!	
How was Kunti releated to Krishna	Kunti belonhed to the yadav clan . She was in reality daughter of some of yadav king but however she was raised by a king of kuntibhoj so she was the bua (aunt) of sri krisna	Kunti was the paternal aunt of Krishna.The real name of Kunti was Pritha. She was the daughter of Shoora of Yadu dynasty. Later, she was handed over to Kuntibhoj who was the friend of Shoora. Then she was named Kunti. So, by birth, she was a Yadav.On the other hand, Shoora was the father of Vasudeva who was the father of Lord Krishna.So, Kunti was the sister of Vasudeva and she was the aunt of Lord Krishna.	Kunti devi belonged to Yadav dynasty, and she was the sister of Vasudev, biological father of Lord Krsna. Relation wise she was his aunt but also secondarily she was a great devotee of Lord Krsna. Must read “Teachings of Queen Kunti” BY SRILA PRABHUPADA for further information.	KUNTI IS KRISHNA’S BIOLOGICAL MOTHER. VASUDEV AND DEVAKI ARE NOT KRISHNA’S REAL PARENTS. THIS MEANS THAT KARNA IS VASUDEV AND DEVAKI’S REAL SON. THIS IS SWITCHED BIRTH. SUN GOD AND UNMARRIED KUNTI GAVE BIRTH TO KRISHNA. REALLY.	
Which Epics Of India was written first Ramayana or Mahabharata	There is a blunder in the “ Discovery of India” which occurred to the insinuation approach made and assumed by Pt Jawahar lal Nehru ji, our first Prime Minister of India, who said Mahabharata predated the Ramayana.Politically, it may appear as if the Aryans first covered the North West part of the Indian Subcontinent and then having settled comfortably moved Southwards. Thus apparently the South India came after Mahabharata.But when during Rajsuya yajna of Yudhisthira, the king in Lanka was Vibhishana who sent to precious gifts, this fact shows that Vibhishana became king only when Ravana was killed by the Hero of Ramayana that is Ramchandraji.Similarly in Kishkindha mountain Mayandha was ruling who offered a good fight to Sahdeva the youngest brother Pandava.Geographically, In Ramayana Ayodhya Mithila and then Chitrakoot and Dandakaranya, Panchvati and so on are found and there is no reference of Hastinapur anywhere.In the Mahabharata not only Vrihadvala of Ikshvaku clan is shown to have fought the war and got killed in the hands of Abhimanyu, it clearly suggests that the Mahabharata is later to Ramayana where even the horse is not mentioned to have gone into Kurujaangal area within which Mahabharata war was fought.Religeously, In Ramayana Dasratha is devotee of Vishnu who has Shaarnga bow in His hands and when Rama is born, he refers to Manu and Shatarupa and their boon.In the Vana parva , example of Rama is described to Yudhisthira but in Ramayana there is such discussion by any sage whatsoever.Even when Yudhisthira decides to play the dice, he is shown to be thinking to play the dice in the same manner knowing well the disaster to follow like which followed when Rama chased the golden deer knowing well that on earth the golden deer is not possible.Thus the incidences of Ramayana are often cited and relied for going to do and not to do.Astronomically, The Lanka is the battle ground which is very near ie 8 to 9 degrees North to the Equator of the Earth.Mahabharata war is fought in Kurukshetra which is again 8 to 9 degree North to the Line of Cancer.The area around Lanka that is 8 to 9 degree North to the Equator of the Earth is relatively small hence there is biparty war, not involving any other neighbour but the area 8 to 9 degree North to the Line of Cancer is wide and covered by more kings and all except Rukmi and Vibhishana fought it.Thus theory of insinuation of Aryans from North to South is not correct as there are several precedences which occurred in Ramayana are heavily relied and referred in Mahabharata which are not mentioned similarly in the Ramayana.	This answer is a challenging oneIf you go by popularly held views, then Ram,ayan is the predecessor to Mahabharata.If on the other hand, you go by Geography and Social customs, Mahabharata is the predeccsor to Ramayana.Mahabharata does not depict any geographical entities south of Vindhyas.Social customs of getting progeny through NIYOGA was not there in RamayanaKingdom has to be divided amongst all sons, in Mahabharata, It was not the right of the First BornIn Ramayana, The first Born had the right to the kingdomRamayana deals with Gangetic plains and the south. It does not even mention the Sindhu- Saraswati valley. let alone Gandhara, as people had moved away from there by this time.Mahbharata is the story of total communities, like Kurus, Yadavas.Ramayana is the story of an IndividualThere are many other factors which makes Mahabharata earlier to RamayanaYuga is just a mental setup, it has no time validity	It was The Ramayana First and Later The Mahabharata, as both were in Different Time Zones or in “Yugas” as we call them in Sanskrit language.The Ramayana Epic was said to have been written in “The Treta Yuga” period of Time by “Sage Valmiki”The Mahabharata Epic is believed to have been composed by “Sage Veda Vyasa” during “The Dwapara Yuga” as per Hindu Calendars and belief.	
What deceitful tactics had the Pandvas used against the Kauravas and vice versa	Everyone had used deceit if you are unbiased otherwise you will see it only in Pandavas. You cannot say when pandavas do it is deceit and when kaurvas do it is diplomacy and tactic. Many things are such which I in my personal opinion don’t consider deceit because there were no rules as such which we being followed. Chariot rule of karna, mutliple attacks etc etc are just imagination. In reality breaking chariots, group attacks etc etc were all common. karna gets lots of sympathy but barring Arjuna all lost their chariots and were attacked. Even arjuna when rested hsi horses once was attacked. So this chariot rule never existed in reality. so this is valid.It was a war and once rules have been broken even before it started then all things happen. On paper rules are easy to look and talk about them but in war scenario it is a luxury few can afford.If someone says Pandavas used deceit then I would say that kauravas tried deceit since childhood from Bhima poisoning and Lakshagrah but for decades they failed and Pandavas tried tricks and finished them in just 18 days. Kauravas lost even in this department and they were useless. Don’t forget that we divided Bangladesh by same tricks which Pakistan was thinkign about us. Should we censure RAW?Let us see vice Versa firstArmyDuryodhana gets shalya by deceitHe despite going to imprison Krishna and absolutely hating Pandavas and krishna goes to get his army.Thus by deceit and with malicious intent he first gets naive Balarama under influence and then gets their army.Thus Duryodahna who was anti Yadavas in reality (as per Harivamsha he even attacked them with Jarasandha but was defeated by pradyumna) got their army and even kritvermaThus using planning or say deceit he robbed Pandavas of 2 plus 1 =3 akshuani army and also kritverma who had some animosity with krishna due to symantak mani episode. Duryodhana was planning early on to counter threat of powerful yadavas supporting Arjuna and thus he was looking at all areas. Getting closer to Balaraam, kritverma and when Samba abducted Lakshamna and they had to marry her , he also thought that as an opportunity later.Had he not tried that he would have 8 and Pandavas 10 plus a commander like Shalya to help them. Further many of his allies were traditionally allies of hastinapur and following same line however they supported pandavas too. Duryodhana thus had many people not because he was good but he was at the right spot2) Abhimanyu death - They tricked Arjuna away from his army and it was Drona who did that. He used ploy of luring Arjuna away by a dubious method and they killed Abhimanyu using deceit.3) Timing- It was regular stuff for Kaurva elder to declare the day when they were getting pulped but to extend day when they were getting lead slightly. Pandavas followed them. However we see all rules breaking in gatotkach vadh parva.4) Karna idea to use same tactics to kill Drishtdyumna and Satyaki as they killed Abhimanyu. They thought of it but couldn’t execute it. Karna says let us kill them as we killed abhimanyu by methods5) Killing of uppandavas and others was gross violation by any measureNow let us see what methods did Pandavas deploy and were they deceit ?Bhishma deathwell, this popular deceit is from both sides. Why? Because Bhishma himself was involved in the plan. Bhishma was forced by circumstances to side with Duryodhana. His heart was with pandavas and when he himself wanted retirement then killing him by using shikandi was actually his retirement plan. What is deceit if one is literally ‘ hostage’ of his own vows and wants to be rescued. He was rescued as per his own wish and very happy about that. Now whole world or even vasus are not concerned about what Bhishma taught.It is funny thing that the person killed wanted it and was happy but everyone is standing as lawyer for him.Bhurivshrava deathwell, Arjuna did kill him when he was engaged with someone else but at that time Satyaki was too fatigued and weaponless. yes, to some extent it was wrong but not deceit. you can call it unfortunate but it was war and everyone was intervening in other battles. Arjuna too protected satyaki. Arjuna asks Bhurishrava that how was Abhimanyu killed and he became silent.Drona deathyes, it was deceit. No doubt about that and even yudhi went to some minutes in hell for that. There was some unbroken trust which Drona showed on him and they violated it because Arjuna and Satyaki were only two who could probably kill Drona and not certainly Drsithdyumna. Arjuna had made it clear he won’t do it and thus no one was so capable of killing Drona easily. DD was born for that purpose and to make him do that they tricked him. But remember same Drona used a similar ploy agianst yudi by tricking Arjuan away. As you sow so shall you reap. He took Yudhi armor (Arjuna by trick) and got Abhimanyu killed when Droan himself said that he should be robbed of chariot, weapons and then he will be killed. Now, they tricked Drona and robbed him of his will to fight. However, he still fought until Bhima taunted him.Karna deathIt was no deceit and he died fighting with Arms as Per BORI. Many people lost chariot and were attacked. His death was fair and had been explained by me in many earlier replies. If he lost his armor then he got shakti otherwise Gatotkach had ended their game. Both ways it had served the purposeNow what is really Deceit is hereDuryodhana death is real deceit and it is where people and TV erred. He was the only one who was not slayed fairly and he was the only one who was hidden. Only thing worth mentioning in his life was that last fight where he showed some greatness and folktale robbed him of that too. While Bhishma, Drona and karna died in battlefield in almost same way they tricked. Moreover they were bound to be saved by their army and they failed. But here a match was decided and agreed upon. He had no such protection from Gandari as shown. simple thing is that he was agile and was cunning to have practiced for so many years and Bhima had not practiced as he was sure of his strength. Krishna tells in battle of strength and skill, skill wins. He was thus killed by bhima using trick. That was not appropriate but then even he had lost the war and it was yudhi foolishness to give him that chance. Bhima had focused on archery in that period as he was confident of his strength. Duryodhana knew that there were so many archers and other warriors and he had luxury of practicing for 13 years keeping weaknesses of Bhima in mind. He thus became superior in skill than Bhima. Yudhisthir did not take such things in consideration and as he was righteous gave chance of choosing warrior and even weapon of choice. Had he given Duryodhaan only chance to fight and send Bhima in wrestling match , Bhima would have beaten him easily but Mace fight was Duryodhana arena. Krishna called it a gamble and said Yudhi lost a won battle by showing magnanimityEditBut I would like to add that Duryodhana shouldn’t complain because him given a chance to choose weapon and opponent was also a gift in first place. No rule says he was entitled to such a privilege. Had yudhishthir followed rules of war and asked him to face them and send any of his brother with his weapon of advantage then Duryodhana would have died anyways.Duryodhana was also blabbering about Krishna using Gatotkach as deceit taking away karna weapon. But that fool had no explanation that what solution they had for gatotkacha. He was a warrior and Pandavas were in full right to use their warrior. What about their demons like Alayaudh, Alambala and Alambush(earlier killed by Gatotkaach). Karna had not used Shakti they had died both ways with karna living like Ashwathama and others.	I believe pandavas killed none with deceit because krishna had planned every thing and since pandavas knew he was god they had to obey his ordersDrona died due to his own foolishness. I you and infact everyone will first rush even though in grief and verify with our own eyes if we are informed of the death of our family member and not just simply sit down and meditate like a foolish drona. Battlefied is not a ground to meditate. Dd did Nothing wrong.Bhisma died due to his own weired rules which is not accepted by scriptures even if you go by tv serials although the truth is completely different. Shikkhandi fought even after bhismas fall.Karna was going to die anyways even if it wasnt for brahmins curse . He was badly injured by Arjuna.	
Who are teacher of Arjuna	Importance of Guru is very well described in Manusmriti.12.83.Studying the Veda, (practising) austerities, (the acquisition of true) knowledge, the subjugation of the organs, abstention from doing injury, and serving the Guru are the best means for attaining supreme bliss.1183Vaidika dharma offered Guru an important place and service to Guru was regarded as the utmost trait for any student to achieve glory and success.There are many ways to serve a Guru as given in ancient scriptures.service by self, service by means, service by honouringIn Hinduism the Guru is equated with the supreme Para Brahman:Guru is none other than Sadashiv himself..with that thought a desciple should proceed with his service and training.Arjuna was that desciple who dedicated himself to his guru( s) with soul and body.Arjuna was a continuous learner who is ever attentive and focused with extraordinary concentration,which was legendary ..nothing can disturb him when he fixed his mind on learning ,practising and performing.Hence he was blessed with many gurus who got the privilege of training such a deserving desciple.Who are his Gurus?Arjuna had many gurus. He was an eternal learner.He never thought he learned enough..Arjuna’s journey towards excellence commenced at Satasringa mountain itself as per Southern Editions.शर्यातेः प्रथमः पुत्रः शुक्रो नाम परन्तपः। येन सागरपर्यन्ता धुषा निर्जिता मही॥ 1-133-48Maharaj Saryati’s Son Sukra initiated knowledge of Dhanurveda for Arjuna Who was a kid then.So Sukra was his first teacher.After Pandu’s death when Pandavas came to Hastinapur ,Kripa became the preceptor for them. So Arjuna learnt archery from Kripacharya.The most influential teacher in Arjun’s life was undoubtedly Dronacharya. Both the teacher and student connected instantly with each other and the rest is history. Drona was instrumental in guiding Arjuna in the best way possible.Drona challenged Arjuna’s competence. He gave a small vessel to fill up,He denied food for him in darkness. He tested him with bird eye and crocodile . Finally he let him prove his mettle by capturing Drupada .Arjuna’s best training phase happened with Drona only.Arjuna proved his worth as Dronsishya Arjun with his resounding victory by hitting fish target.Agnivesa also as per Some Unabridged versions trained Arjuna.Moving forward Arjuna learnt Chakshushi Vidya from Angara Parna Gandharva.Arjuna got the Adiguru the Adi Dhanurdhar Sadashiv to teach him Pasupat,Raudr and the last two Vidhis Of dhanurvidya.Arjuna got Krishna to instruct him Vaishnavastra,probably Narayanastra also but I feel Drona must have given him that.Indra instructed him Vajrastr,Aindrastr..Vajrastr is the most powerful Astra Of Indra which he denied for Karna..Varuna,Yama,Kubera etc lords of quarters became his gurus and offered their astras.Yudhishtir taught him Pratismriti Vidya so he was also Arjuna’s guru..Chitrasena trained Arjuna in music and dance…So guru for him.These are all gurus for Arjun who taught him and enabled him to become accomplished in warfare and fine arts.Krishna,the spiritual guruFinally Arjuna was fortunate enough to receive gitagyan imparted by his cousin,friend,philosopher and guide.Krishna blessed him with the ultimate knowledge not once but twice. Anugita also was told to Arjun..by Krishna.Generations together benefitted by the treasure of spiritual knowledge that got awailable because of Arjuna Who was instrumental in getting Krishna unfold the secrets of Atmajnan..Finally I would like to acknowledge the contribution of all his teachers in moulding him as the best ,..But I would definitely highlight the memorable Guru Sishya duo Drona and Arjuna Who inspired many teachers and students to achieve the pinnacle of success .Foot NotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionUnabridged Sanskrit versions of MahabharataManu Smriti 12 .83	It seems that Arjuna made anyone with slightest possibility of being teacher his teacher.Pandu-It seems Pandu might have given some lessons to him in childhood but not sure about this aspect and what was taughtDrona and Kripa - This part needs no introduction at allAgnivesh— There is also mention in many versions he learned from original teacher of Drona also.Angarparva—Gandarva Angarparva who fought with Arjuna and Arjuna defeated him and burned his chariot was impressed by his power. He said that even gods feared to roam in his region and he defeated him. So he asked for Agneya from Arjuna and in return taught him Chakshuni vidyaKrishna— Arjuna narrates at one place to Uttara that he also learnt many weapons from Madhava(krishna).Indra and other demi gods. Arjuna learned from Indra, Agni, yama,Varuna ,Kuber and received their best weapons in returnGandarvas— He also performed various austerities and earned divine weapons and their lessons from many gandarvas again. He also learned Dancing etc from Chitrasena.and Lord Shiva who gave him knowledge of finest weapons like Mahapashupata, Raudrastra and others and gave him full control on them which he had not given earlier to any one. When a person is given full control over one time use he can use it even without bow and just with mind and can recall it or use multiple times.Yudhishthir— He learned pratismirti vidya from Yudhi which vyasa had taught him.Others could be likes of Bhishma, Vidur etc whom he kept meeting and learning.Not related to question but a Teacher also learns from his great students while teaching and thus he taught greats like Pradyumna, Satyaki, Anirudh , Samba and others.	Dronacharya for military warfare, kripacharya for political and life science, lord shiva and indra for many divine weapons, gandharva chitraratha for dance(yes arjuna was a great dancer) and finally his own life was his teacher as he had unending thirst of knowledge so he kept on learning.JSH	ARCHERY - DRONACHARYAWhen the Pandavas were playing with their ball, it fell into a well. An old man threw a stick from the ground into the well. It hit the ball’s center and stood on top of the ball. He took another stick and threw on top of the first skinny stick. Arjuna and the other Pandavas were amazed of this and asked who he was. His name was Dronacharya. Arjuna fled to Bheeshma for permission if Dronacharya can teach him. Bheeshma agreed and asked Dronacharya to teach the Pandavas AND Kauravas. After many refusals, he agreed and taught them for 14 years. It is said that Arjuna hit the center of the target, which was the eye of a bird. Dronacharya was amazed and told him to do more targets. He succeeded in all targets, without a single miss and Dronacharya from then taught Arjuna archery more than anyone else.KNOWLEDGE - KRISHNAArjuna kept a close relationship with Krishna, as he was his cousin. He always advised and told him many pieces of knowledge. Even during the Mahabharat, Krishna had fought with Arjuna and taught him many lessons.OTHER TEACHERSBheeshma and Vidura - As important role models, Arjuna learned a lot from them.His father, Pandu - It is said that Arjuna, along with the Pandavas, were taught a few lessons from their father during childhood.	As a corporeal life form, this time, I was not allowed to remember my past as I was born in India.But Lord Krishna did help me to remember many things…hence my posts in Quora.But they still are very small data in nature…So, I still say, Lord Krishna and Lord Shiva are my two main gurus then. Now they are back and still gurus…I have a long way to go for planet Earth…like next 1000 years in various levels….Thank you all for reading my postings.	
Do the scriptures mention Karnas fate after his death on the battlefield of Kurukshetra	Thanks for A2AYes, they do mention. When karna is slayed by Arjuna he dies. Now many myths are there like he donated his golden tooth, Duryodhan or krishna performed his last rites etc etc. But all are wrong.what happened you need to read patiently and it is like thisAll last rites were done by Yudhishtir whether of Kauravas or his own family. He also performed last rites of karna and prayed that he attains best of worlds. In Hindu system they play a great role along with balance of karma. All those who fought valiantly also get share of good karmaNow what happens is that when Yudhishtir goes to heaven he is shocked to see Duryodhana in heaven on throne but karna, ARjuna and all others in hell.He is surprised that how could Duryodhana be in heaven and karna and others in hell. He refuses to stay in heaven and is prepared to go to even hell for them.On hearing my mother ’s words, I performed the final water rites for Karna. She asked me to offer oblations of water to him. O gods! I am repeatedly tormented by this. I noticed that the infinitely energetic one’s feet resembled those of my mother ’s. Despite this, I did not follow Karna, the destroyer of enemy forces. Had we been with Karna, even Shakra would have been unable to vanquish us in battle. I wish to go to the place where I can see the son of the sun. Since I did not know who he was, he was slain by Savyasachi. I loved Bhima, terrible in valour, more than my own life. Arjuna was like Indra and the twins were like the Ashvins. I wish to see Panchali, the one who followed dharma. I do not wish to remain here. I amtelling you this truthfully. O supreme among gods! Without my brothers, what will I do with heaven?He then refuses to stay in heaven and says he will go to place where his brothers are. Then he is taken to hell and karna and all others are there. Yudhishtri loses his cool and then Gods tell him that is was an illusion for lying about Drona.what was it ? It was a Test to test Yudhishtir. It was to see whether he will give up his brothers for heaven or notThey then tell him that Duryodhana will go to hell for his deeds while karna and all others will attain best of worlds.The great archer, Karna, was supreme among those who wielded all kinds of weapons. You are tormented on his account. But he has obtained supreme success. O lord! Look at that tiger among men, the son of the sun.He has obtained his own stationO son! You have yourself conquered these worlds through your auspicious deeds and austerities. O mighty-armed one! O Pandava! You have obtained the fruits of your donations. The gods, the gandharvas and the divine apsaras, attired in sparkling garments, will serve you now and ensure your comfort in heaven.You have conquered the worlds through the royal sacrifice and it has been extended through the horse sacrifice. O mighty-armed one! You have obtained the great fruits of austerities. O Yudhishthira! Your worlds are above those of kings. O Partha! They are like those of Harishchandra. Pleasure yourself there. You will sport there like rajarshi Mandhata, King Bhagiratha and Bharata, Dushhanta’s son.He further saysO Partha! O lord of the earth! Your brothers are not in hell. This was arranged by me and by the great Indra, the king of the gods. O son! There is no doubt that all the kings must see hell. Therefore, for a short while, you faced supreme unhappiness. O king! However, Savyasachi, Bhima, the twins, bulls among men, and Karna, brave and truthful in speech, do not deserve to be in hell for a long period of time.Now your basic question what did they attain is here‘King Yudhishthira was praised by the gods, the rishis and the Maruts and went to where the bulls among the Kurus were. He saw Govinda, in his form of the brahman.This had not been seen earlier and nothing like this had been recognized before. He blazed in his own form and celestial weapons presented themselves, in personified forms. There was the celestial chakra and other terrible weapons, all in embodied forms. He was being worshipped by the brave Phalguna, also in an extremely radiant form.Karna, supreme among the wielders of weapons, was in a different spot. The descendant of the Kuru lineage saw him with the twelve Adityas. In yet another place, the lord saw Bhima with a handsome body, surrounded by a large number of Maruts. The descendant of the Kuru lineage saw Nakula and Sahadeva in the region of the Ashvins, blazing in their own energy. He saw Panchali, garlanded in lotuses and lilies. She had reached heaven and was there, as radiant as the rays of the sun. Suddenly, King Yudhishthira wished to question her. But the illustrious Indra, the king of the gods, spoke to him. “Shri assumed the form of Droupadi and was born as a human. O Yudhishthira! She was not born from anyone’s womb.9 She was loved by the worlds and her body had an auspicious fragrance. She was born in Drupada’s lineage and served all of you. The wielder of the trident10 created her for your pleasure. These five immensely fortunate gandharvas are like the fire in their radiance. O king! These infinitely energetic ones were the sons that you and Droupadi had. Behold the king of the gandharvas. He was the learned Dhritarashtra. Know that he was your father ’s elder brother. This is Kounteya, your elder brother, and like the fire in radiance. He was the son of the sun. He was the first and the foremost and was famous as Radheya. O bull among men! Behold. He moves around with Aditya. O Indra among kings! Behold the large numbers of Sadhyas, gods, Vasus and Maruts. The maharatha Vrishnis and Andhakas are in their midst. Satyaki was the foremost among the brave Bhoja maharathas. Behold Subhadra’s unvanquished son with the moon. Abhimanyu, the great archer, possesses the radiance of the moon. Pandu, the great archer, is now with Kunti and Madri. On a celestial vehicle, your father often comes to see me. Behold. King Bhishma, Shantanu’s son, is with the Vasus.SummaryYudhishtir reaches heaven and see Karna and all his brothers etc in hell and Duryodhana in heavenHe refuses to stay in heaven and wonders why even after doing last rites of karna and others and them being doing wonderful deeds they went to hell.Yama tells it was illusion and a testFinally yudhi sees all of them reached their respective loka and gods they were born from.Arjuna met supreme Krishna/Vishnu( He was already Nara and blessed to be with Narayana)Karna attained Surya lok and was with his fatherall others gained their respective loka.SourceBORI CE as translated by bibek DebroyGita press gorakhpur	
How did Shri Krishna and Pandavas meet each other so late in life even though they were cousins	Krishna spent his childhood in Vrindavan and pandav in vanvas. After killing kans Krishna and yaduvanshi clan was facing constant attacks from Jarasandh the mighty Magadh king was also father-in-law of Kans. Because of this most of Krishna's time would have spent in defense of the city and after moving to coastal area of Gujrat in forming the prosperous city of Dwarika. In parallel to this pandav after completion of learning from guru Drona, Pandav caught with Dhrupad, were helping in administrative task in Hastinapur. So there was no opportunity where they would have met before.	
What is conch shell blown Krishna in Kurukshetra	Krishna had a conch shell called “Panchajanya”.Panchajanya or Shankhasur was an evil sea demon who lived in a colossal conch shell in the deepest depths of the ocean.He kidnapped the son of Sandipani “the guru of Krishna” and imprisoned him in the conch shell. Upon completion of their studies, Krishna and Balarama persuaded the teacher to ask for the Guru dakshina (fees) of his liking, in reply Sandipani asked for the restoration of his child.So Krishna to rescue the son of Sandipani, went in search and reached the dept of ocean ( where Sandipani son was kept). Krishna successfully killed Shankhasur and took the conch shell for himself. He then went to his guru Sandipani who named that conch as Panchjanya.Whenever Krishna blows from the shell it foreshadows the death of his next opponent. The Kurukshetra war began after blowing Panchjanya by Lord Krishna.	
What is the name of Bhishma Pitamah s wife	Ajeevana brahmacharyam means lifelong celibacy. Bhishma never had any kind of grihasta relationship with anyone.Please read the scriptures and itihasas before asking such questions…. Unless of course the question was asked to irritate people :)	He dint marry his entire life. So he doesn’t have a wife	
What do you think about the intrigue in the Mahabharata	Thanks for the A2AThere are many intriguing moments in the Mahabharata.However, once we start reading the Unabridged Version of the Epic, we start off unbiased but slowly become engrossed and start taking biases due to our own pre-conceived notions of good/bad and right/wrong. We start applying our biases against the epic’s storyline and feel the decisions portrayed in the epic would have different consequences had another decision been made. We forget to grasp the purpose of the epic and let our biases become our masters. Our adding colour to certain characters and circumstances depicted in the epic make it more and more intriguing and enjoyable to read, relish and cherish.On the whole, there is a certain intrigue considering that the epic has over 80K verses and it is impossible to hold a reader’s attention if there was a lack of it.My two cents.Peace!	
In which manner would S S Rajamouli show Karna as a villain or as a hero in his 1000 crore movie budget of Mahabharata	Mahabharat isn't a Bollywood film with heroes and villians. It's a political story with nuanced characters who have both positive and negative shades. Some have more positive shades than negative and vice versa. If Rajamouli wants to do actual justice to the greatest epic of India, he should first do real research on all the available manuscripts and he should use the BORI critical edition of Mahabharata for reference. He should remain true to source material. Otherwise if his aim is to only make money and insult the great epic as has been done by almost every film and serial maker before then he is free to do it too. I guarantee there will be no protest for this is a country that fights more for the 'culture' that Mughals and britishers imposed on us than the 'real' Vedic culture of India.Coming to Karna he too has positives and negatives.Positives:-Ambition- he wasn't limited by his Father's profession and realised his own skill.Resourceful- he comes up with creative ways to get what he wants.A good warrior.Perseverance.Supported his friend but only upto a certain point.The most important- Realised his mistake and repented.Was not afraid of acknowledging his enemies' strength.Negatives-Misogynist- perhaps because he blamed his mother for abandoning him but he had little to no respect for women. He has spoken ill about women not just in the Dyut Sabha but at others times too. Some of his statements include- 'Women like to have many husbands', 'I will give even my wives away to the man who brings Krishna and Arjuna to me.’Exaggerated view of self- His bragging is seen many times and many warriors like Bheeshma and Ashwatthama always show him the mirror.Envy- It is mentioned in the Adi Parva that Karna was envious of Arjuna right from Drona's Ashrama and hated him. He was active participant in the Lakshagriha conspiracy and he was the one who gave Duryodhan the idea for Ghosha Yatra.Conditional Loyalty- Yes he was loyal to Duryodhan but only upto a certain point. When Gandharvas defeated him he ran away abandoning Duryodhan and the queens. When Bhishma called him ardha rathi, he again abandoned the war for 10 days. He fought the Kurukshetra war only for killing Arjuna and not for his friend Duryodhan.Always ran away when overpowered- He made an excuse when Arjuna overpowered him in Draupadi's Swayamvara, He ran away from Gandharvas at the time of Ghosha Yatra, He ran away twice from Arjuna in Virat Yudh even while Arjuna was killing his brothers. He ran away from Bhima and Satyaki too.	A movie is made to please it's majority audience. It is a Business venture where the goal of the maker is maximum profit.Remember slumdog millionaire. It was made for western audience that looks at Indians with condescension. Notice how they portray Dharavi.Now remember munna bhai mbbs also made in the same slum dharavi.See the difference …I am not denying the events shown in either movie as false but look at the tone the narrative evokes. One evokes disgust and the other positivityThe spate of TV serials on Karna indicates majority audience is fanboying over Karna,So Rajamouli will show him as the always undermined great warrior, the tragic hero the great danveerHe will not change the events unlike Shivaji Sawant or Siddharth Tiwary nor will he use folktales and try to pass it off as canon like Devdutt Patnaik as unlike them he is highly creative and has immense talent in filmmaking that will draw audience organically without cheap gimmicky fake stories like these three guys. But the tone of his movie will definitely be sympathetic to Karna.Majoriry are Karna fans because majority haven't bothered to read any version of mahabharat. Unlike Ramayan which atleast till the previous generation was read regularlyA major reason for it is the superstition that keeping it at home will cause fights in the family. So tv serial makers like BR chopra and Siddharth Tewari or pulp fiction authors like Shivaji Sawant and Devdutpatnaik are the only source for them.I thinks it's too late for people (majority of people) to accept that Karna as per vyasa was the villain and not tragic hero.Rajamouli if he succeeds in making the movie and if it becomes a hit will only enforce the wrong image of Karna. More people will end up believing him to be a tragic heroSo I pray that may he lose interest in making a movie on MahabharatI am hopeful my prayers would be answered because just yesterday I read Amir Khan had dropped his plansAmir making mahabharat is a bigger nightmare than Rajamouli making it.But worse than these two would be M T Vasudevan making Mahabharat in malayalam. Fortunately the people who watch it will be very limited so truth may prevail after all.	If it is a 1000 crore budget movie, it is going to be a mass entertainer. A mass entertainer that will make sure to not anger even a small group of people.Because money is money. Be it from a fan or critic.So, which manner the film would be?Kunti, Krishna and Pandavas are white knightsKarna is the right guy on wrong side due to circumstancesDhridarashtra is a just kingDuryodhana and Kauravas are great warriors but misguidedShakuni will have a small backstory to be a villainLot many epic battles and lot less politics or issues discussedIn short, it will be more like BR Chopra’s Mahabharata but with Rajamouli’s touch. Definitely Pandavas are heroes. Since Karna is a brother of Pandavas, he will be shown with sympathy and goodness.Basically, nothing even closer to Gita Press or KMG or BORI.	Thank you for the A2A.Actually even I want to know the answer to this question. Going by his general depiction in popular culture, I’m afraid it’s far more likely to be a sympathetic view of Karna. I doubt anyone would risk 1000 crores on showing Karna as he really is when the public sentiment is very pro-Karna. It all comes down to money in the end, and showing Karna as a villain is not going to be commercially viable, unless they bring a very strong cast, melodious music, taut storytelling, flawless direction and mindblowing graphics to the table; something surpassing Bahubali. Otherwise I’m afraid it’s going to be more of a tragic-hero-doomed-to-die-because-of-his-friends kind of storyline, something we’ve been seeing over and over again, everytime with more eulogizing over him than before.	First of all, Rajamouli said it would take another 10 years of experience for him to make a movie on Mahabharata. That’s not happening in near future. If he directs Mahabharata, He will depict Karna in such a manner which shows Heroic nature and Tragedy of his story.I will bet that Rajamouli have to take pages from Late. Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao’s directorial venture Dana Veera Sura Karna which depicts the life story of Karna and his friendship with Duryodhana in a manner anyone has seen or thought before.Any Telugu director have to take pages from NTR’s films when it comes the epics because of his perceptions on characters and audience response to his each and every portrayal.	Only SS Rajamouli could do justice to Mahabharata . Bahubali maker will need to put his heart in and out to make and everlasting blockbuster of everlasting Mahbharata itself .1000 crore is meagre budget for scale of mahabahrata due to following reasons when compared to bahubali,Bahubali needed 2 pre-sequel combo to make a story which was simple straight forward yet interesting .Mahabharata has multiple substories which themselves are very complex and require well knitting in main story . thus Real Mahabharata can never be made in 2–3 series let alone 1 -2 movie , Extending movie time above 2.5 hours is not in commercial interest .Mahabharata will require minimum 4–5 sequels in pre determined order to accommodate justice to all characters .4. Bahubali doesn't have magic , advanced technology beyond imagination , teleportation , divine weapons yet had best visual and special effects in Indian cinema.5. Mahabharata has all the stuff humans could imagine , heavens , hells , earths , divinity , flyinf chariots , divine weapons of mass destructions . rakshas , gods , kinaras , smart animals .Special effects will require 1000 fold technicla prowess which translates in budjet .i guess justifying Mahabharata on Bahubali scale will require budjet of 25000 core and all team mahabharata dedicating 10 years of there career in single project alone .Karna is nowhere near villan , he didnt do anything villaneous , nor is duryodhana , its only Shakuni which is outright villain.Both Karna and Duryodhana will require huge time investment s to portrey the characters in greyish shade .They are main characters to make Mahabharata for what it is known for .	
What happened to the Mahabharata s characters after the war was over Is it like the series shown on Epic Channel with the name of Dharmakshetra	After the war was over. All the 100 sons of Kauravas died.Yudhisthira was made the new king. Dhritarastra and Gandhari continued to live in Hastinapur and eventually after many years they had gone to forest with vidhur and Kunti.And one day while they are resting in their hut in forest, a fire broke out and they decide to die there itself and the flames consumed them.While the yadava clan of Shree Krishna went to Prabhas patan another name for somnath gujrat for honouring those who died in the kurukshetra war, after the religious ceremonies were over all yadava got drunk and a argument occured between various inter clan regarding the rights and wrong committed by all and this argument soon turned into violence and they all died fighting each other with iron bars, it was a curse given by vishwamitra, kanva and narada.Balarama and Krishna could not bear the sight and run away to forest.Balarama after seeing all this horror decided to return to heaven and he sat understand a tree and mediated and let his life slip out with his breath, and his body turned into serpent and he returned to his original form lord sheshnag.Now Krishna sat under a Banyan tree crossing his left foot with right foot and while absentmindedly he shook his foot a hunter named as Jara mistook it for the ear of deer and shot an arrow in its direction and thus killed Krishna.After Parikshit son of Uttara and abhimanyu was old enough to rule, the padava brothers along with Draupadi decided to renounce their kingdom and headed for mountain mount Mandara along with a dog.Draupadi was the first one to fall off , second sahdeva followed by nakula. After that Arjun fall and finally the Bhima fall from the mountain.Finally yudisthira was their with the dog at the gates of heaven. The god welcomed him but on one condition that he must leave the dog outside, but yudisthira declined and said he will renounce the heaven rather give up the dog who had earned as much right to be here.The god smiled and said it was a test and they they welcomed him by showering with petals.On reaching heaven yudisthira was shocked as all Kauravas were in heaven while his wife and brothers including karna were in hell. He got very angry at the sight where Duryodhan and his brothers were enjoying all the pleasures of heaven.The Krishna arrive and say to yudhisthira. “ You ruled their land for 36 years and still didn't give up your anger. You call yourself son of Dharma and still can't be dispassionate. How can you hope to attain heaven.”.Then yudisthira understand that everything is within oneself he understands that everyone and everything is divine and this is the mark of true yogi. And he had passed the final test thereupon all his brothers and Draupadi moved in to heaven.ThanksThe	Thanks for A2A.Dharmakshetra was a fiction. It has many difference from Sanskrit epic. I have not seen the complete series - only few episodes and then left it. But it is based on many regional folk versions.Personally I loved the epic so much that no other derived or fictional novel attracts me even though I have read some regional folk versions in some formats.I have read at least 3 Unabridged translation of Sanskrit Mahabharata. The plot, the story line and the detailing incomparable.Coming back to Mahabharata characters - Pandavas performed Aswamedha sacrifice, Yudisthira ruled the earth for 36 years.Then Dwarka falls and Pandavas decided to leave earth.Grandsons of Arjuna and Satyaki and great grandson of Krishna becomes ruler of different area.End of the day every body meets in heaven and a happy ending :)	Epic serial Dharmashetra is entirely fictional and it tries to whitewash Kauravas to some extent and falsely blames Pandavas. It has not researched at all. First of all there is no mention of any court in Mahabharat. Swaragarohan parva only shows what happened before they died. It has nothing to do with the fictional court.Other problem with that serial is that it shows many folktales in serial. Please don’t trust that serial at all. It has fake stories.To read moreIs the Dharmakshetra serial aired on EPIC channel based on scriptures?	
Why are the film makers directors and producers not interested in making a serial based on Arjuna Is it only because Arjuna died at the end of his life with ego in archery Is there some other reason	Thanks Vijendra Ahluwalia for asking the question.ADI PARVA, Section I Mahabharata Of Vyasa, A Complete Translation By Kisari Mohan GagulyOm! Having bowed down to Narayana and Nara, the most exalted male being, and also to the goddess Saraswati, must the word Jaya be uttered.This is how MB begins. It bows down to Narayan (Krishn), Nar (Arjun) and Saraswati. What does it mean? Well, it means that MB is placing Nar Arjun at same pedestal as other two Gods. This is because Arjun was born to be successful and invincible being rishi Nar of the past. It is interesting to note that MB has incorporated all sort of stories of past except Nar-Narayan yet keeps referring Arjun-Krishn as Nar-Narayan. If I remember correctly there is only one mention by Parasuram in Udyog Parv about prowess of rishi Nar to intimidate Duryodhan:Adi Parv, Sambhav Parv, section CXXIII Mahabharata Of Vyasa, A Complete Translation By Kisari Mohan Gaguly"Vaisampayana continued, 'The celebrated Kunti, thus addressed by her lord, invoked Sakra (the king of the gods) who thereupon came unto her and begat him that was afterwards called Arjuna. And as soon as this child was born, an incorporeal voice, loud and deep as that of the clouds and filling the whole welkin, distinctly said, addressing Kunti in the hearing of every creature dwelling in that asylum, 'This child of thine, O Kunti, will be equal unto Kartavirya in energy and Siva in prowess. Invincible like Sakra himself he will spread thy fame far and wide. As Vishnu (the youngest of Aditi's sons) had enhanced Aditi's joy, so shall this child enhance thy joy. Subjugating the Madras, the Kurus along with the Somakas, and the people of Chedi, Kasi and Karusha, he will maintain the prosperity of the Kurus. (Surfeited with libations at the sacrifice of king Swetaketu), Agni will derive great gratification from the fat of all creatures dwelling in the Khandava woods (to be burnt down) by the might of this one's arms. This mighty hero, vanquishing all the effeminate monarchs of the earth, will, with his brothers perform three great sacrifices. In prowess, O Kunti, he will be even as Jamadagnya or Vishnu. The foremost of all men endued with prowess, he will achieve great fame. He will gratify in battle (by his heroism) Sankara, the god of gods (Mahadeva), and will receive from him the great weapon named Pasupata. This thy son of mighty arms will also slay, at the command of Indra, those Daityas called the Nivatakavachas who are the enemies of the gods. He will also acquire all kinds of celestial weapons, and this bull among men will also retrieve the fortunes of his race.''Kunti heard these extraordinary words, while lying in the room. And hearing those words uttered so loudly, the ascetics dwelling on the mountain of a hundred peaks, and the celestials with Indra sitting in their cars, became exceedingly glad. The sounds of the (invisible) drum filled the entire welkin. There were shouts of joy, and the whole region was covered with flowers showered down by invisible agents. The various tribes of celestials assembled together, began to offer their respectful adorations to the son of Pritha. The sons of Kadru (Nagas), the son of Vinata, the Gandharvas, the lords of the creation, and the seven great Rishis, viz., Bharadwaja, Kasyapa, Gautama, Viswamitra, Jamadagni, Vasishtha, and the illustrious Atri who illumined the world of old when the Sun was lost, all came there. And Marichi, Angiras, Pulastya, Pulaha, Kratu, Daksha the lord of creation, the Gandharvas, and Apsaras, came there also. The various tribes of Apsaras, decked with celestial garlands and every ornament, and attired in fine robes, came there and danced in joy, chanting the praises of Vibhatsu (Arjuna).All around, the great Rishis began to utter propitiatory formulas. And Tumvuru accompanied by the Gandharvas began to sing in charming notes. And Bhimasena and Ugrasena, Urnayus and Anagha. Gopati and Dhritarashtra and Suryavarchas the eighth, Yugapa and Trinapa, Karshni, Nandi, and Chitraratha, Salisirah the thirteenth, Parjanya the fourteenth, Kali the fifteenth, and Narada the sixteenth in this list, Vrihatta, Vrihaka, Karala of great soul, Brahmacharin, Vahuguna, Suvarna of great fame, Viswavasu, Bhumanyu, Suchandra, Sam and the celebrated tribes of Haha and Huhu gifted with wonderful melody of voice,--these celestial Gandharvas, O king, all went there. Many illustrious Apsaras also of large eyes, decked with every ornament came there to dance and sing. And Anuchana and Anavadya, Gunamukhya and Gunavara, Adrika and Soma, Misrakesi and Alambusha, Marichi and Suchika, Vidyutparna and Tilottama and Ambika, Lakshmana, Kshema Devi, Rambha, Manorama, Asita, Suvahu, Supriya, Suvapuh, Pundarika, Sugandha, Surasa, Pramathini, Kamya and Saradwati, all danced there together. And Menaka, Sahajanya, Karnika, Punjikasthala, Ritusthala, Ghritachi, Viswachi, Purvachiti, the celebrated Umlocha, Pramlocha the tenth and Urvasi the eleventh,--these large-eyed dancing girls of heaven,--came there and sang in chorus. And Dharti and Aryaman and Mitra and Varuna, Bhaga and Indra, Vivaswat, Pushan, Tvastri and Parjanya or Vishnu, these twelve Adityas came there to glorify Pandu's son. And, O king, Mrigavyadha, Sarpa, the celebrated Niriti, Ajaikapada, Ahivradhna, Pinakin, Dahana, Iswara, Kapalin, Sthanu and the illustrious Bhaga--these eleven Rudras,--also came there. And the twin Aswins, the eight Vasus, the mighty Maruts, the Viswedevas, and the Sadhyas, also came there. And Karkotaka, Vasuki, Kachchhapa, Kunda and the great Naga Takshaka,--these mighty and wrathful snakes possessed of high ascetic merit also came there. And Tarkshya, Arishtanemi, Garuda, Asitadvaja,--these and many other Nagas, came there, so also Aruna and Aruni of Vinata's race also came there. And only great Rishis crowned with ascetic success and not others saw those celestials and other beings seated in their cars or waiting on the mountain peaks. Those best of Munis beholding that wonderful sight, became amazed, and their love and affection for the children of Pandu was in consequence enhanced.Did you read how his birth is celebrated by all those who matter? Going forward we read in almost every section mentioning his name, deeds, actions, dialogues and what not. Even the way he walks, talks, stands, sits, fights, do penance, clear cut timelines of his visits to forests or battlefields or royal courts or pilgrims etc. What kind of weapons he had, how he got them, how he fired them, when did he fire them, what was the impact, how did his chariot, horses, their speed, colour, flagstaff, banner, wheel etc. look like, who all taught him, who were his friends and enemies, who all conspired against him or helped him, in what manner, when, why etc. How many wives or affairs and children he had. Where all he went, why he went, what happened there. Which all rishis gave him sermons. Which all celestials cursed him or who all gave him boons. If he ever did any mistake or wrong doing why it was done supported by the justifications, past stories, curses and boons behind them. You ask for it and it is there.Top it up with his association with Krishn, what more is required to be known about him?In contrast, people on Quora including me keep fighting for specific timelines of some key events in Karna’s life. We do not know name/s of his wife/wives. We read his sons and brothers’ names scattered and popping up here and there casually at the time of their deaths. We read him as Radha’s son but she is nowhere to be found in entire MB. Few additional surprises and shocks we get to know of his life from Bhagatvam or some puranas. Why they are missing in MB is a mystery.So, my friend in nutshell, Karna’s character in MB leaves immense scope for creative people to fill those unknown gaps of his life. I do not blame them because MB itself has left big question mark on Karna’s character by leaving it to speculations and whims and fancies of readers. He is shown as the most confused, complex and unpredictable character in MB. His fans struggle to know more about him and his critics are happy to what has been provided to them. Despite being incomplete this provides enough ammunition to Karn critics in their debates with his fans.This is the first time I am sharing what renowned (Param sant) Saint Kabir had said in his Anurag Sagar about Karn and I hope his critics would not call Kabir a fiction novelist. He is among three greatest Daanis (donors) in our mythology besides King Harishchandr and Bali. Why a Saint mentioned his name among these people if he became Daani in the last year of his life as being understood by most of his critics and that too to kill Arjun??? It also mentions his insults and sorrows which again are contradictory to popular perception created by present day MB that he had an easy and luxurious life just because he never went to exile.So, Arjun will have to wait rather struggle to be darling of creative people for following 2 keys reasons -There is hardly anything more to be told about his life than what is already there in MB.Even if it is attempted, he has to compete with higher divine character of Krishn by his side to get a fair portrayal. He would always be seen under Krishna’s shadow which would limit his own role in his own story.That also answers your second question that creative people have got nothing to do with how he died. Proof - how many serials or films have you seen which shows him dying? None of them shows him killing innocent creatures in Khandav dah either.Though your third answer has already been answered above, in response I would request you to read first verse in the image of Anurag Sagar I posted.Hope that helps!EDIT:- Thanks Balaji for suggesting edit.Regards,Puneet Jankar, Lakshmi Telidevara, Rajesh Duvarapu, Rajan Verma, Deepak Kumar Jha, Bhagwat Shah, Anmol Kumar Sharma, Roopal Garg, Abhishek Singh, Niraj Sharma, Sagar Mishra, Vishvjeetsinh Rana, Subhashis Chowdhury, Amrita Talukdar, Thiru VenkadamSource: Mahabharata Of Vyasa, A Complete Translation By Kisari Mohan Gaguly	
Why did not anyone of the Pandavas able to recognize Karna when he entered for the first time in the arena of the Hastinapura war field Had they forgotten that it was the same Sut Putra who was once in the Drona	Thanks for A2A.Is there any where it was mentioned that Pandavas couldn’t recognized Karna?Pandavas in fact didn’t show any surprise emotion when Karna came and challenged Arjuna.Rather by opposite way, it was told that when Karna entered through the gate when the show was over.Karna directly comes to Drona and Kripa and bows his head to them and with permission of Drona he performed an archery show while stating that he would perform everything that Arjuna had performed earlier.Note - He haven’t seen Arjuna performing at all if he had arrived after Arjuna’s show was finished.Then he addressed Arjuna as ‘Partha’ and challenged him.The question is how could Karna identified Drona, Kripa and Arjuna so easily after he entered through gate when the show was almost over?How could Karna know what Arjuna had already performed?Two thing is pretty clear - First place, IMO Karna knew Drona, Kripa and Arjuna well ahead.Drona and Kripa in turn knew Karna before - they allowed Karna to perform but stopped only when he gave an open challenge to Arjuna.It validated the mentions in MB it self that Karna was in fact trained by Kripa and Drona initially.Second he was present and watched it carefully what Arjuna was doing before challenging him - Its again my opinion.Over all it was much bigger political drama. I don’t want to explain those thing here since it is out of scope for this answer.	First of all this question seems to be a judgement or counter question as such. But many years had passed when he returned and looks change. It is not always possible for all to recognize.Karna was obsessed with Arjuna not vice versa. They were not concerned about him , so why should they keep track of him and who he was etc etc. He was just another student. Pandavas were more into their own. We at times forget our friends and it takes some time.Secondly, People like Drona etc were able to recognize him as such. It is not that they did not recognize him. Bhima mocking his father was tactic to insult Duryodhana and him which was Bhima nature. Again we have many students in our class but not necessarily we know everything about their parents etc but just them.You must notice that when first he started showing his talent then no one objected to him. No one asked him name etc. He got permission and he showed his skill. Would it be possible to threat an complete stranger in that manner?The issue of his name was raised by Kripa only on issue of duel to raise a technical point to avoid clash. That was Rangbhoomi for showcase of talent not Ranbhoomi to battle and kill. So, kripa tried to block it.Now, read this expert from BORI CE based on Sanskrit sholks and judge yourself whether Arjuna and Duryodhana had identified them or not.With Drona’s permission, Karna, always eager to do battle and immensely strong, exhibited all that Partha had displayed before. O descendant of the Bharata lineage! Duryodhana and his brothers delightedly embraced Karna and said, “O mighty-armed hero! Welcome. Good fortune has brought you here. You know how to humble pride. I and the Kuru kingdom await your pleasure.” Karna replied, “You have said it and that alone is enough. O descendant of the Bharata lineage! I only desire your friendship. And I desire to have a duel with Partha.”Duryodhana replied, “O scourge of enemies! Enjoy all the pleasures with me. Do that which pleases your friends. Place your feet on the heads of all your enemies.”At that, Partha considered that he had been insulted. He told Karna, who stood in the midst of the brothers like a mountain, “O Karna! When I have finished killing you, you will attain the worlds set aside for unwelcome intruders and uninvited speakers.”Does any of above phrase look like Karna had to tell about himself?Why did Drona gave him permission just like that? No, questions etcDuryodhana might be excited about anyone who would challenge Arjuna but not such a fool to just show so much joy to an unknown stranger in that manner. Even if we ignore this for a while how Does Arjuna name him?Some have argument that karna was name karna later but as Mb is narrated later actual name could be changed by narrator, but he is addressed as a known personality.It is highly improbable that an unknown person would suddenly dare to barge in a contest organized by King and would interfere in such harsh tone and no one will object a bit from the elders to such intervention unless they know that already and there is some pre planning with Dhirtrashtra and Duryodhana.Again Duryodahan was yet not decided heir , then how could he take decision to crown him Anga later(when kripa asks name as a procedure) which was also a conflict region between magadha and Hastinapur.Source BORI CE as translated by bibek debroy.	It was the citizens of Hastinapur,surrounding the arena who did not know Karna. How or why would they. Karna was not a local. He was from Anga where his foster father adopted him on the bank of River Ganga. His father was a prince famous for his charioteering skills and friend of Dhritarashtr. Adhirath Karna's foster father was younger son of King Satyavrat of Anga. King Satyavrat had accepted to be vassal of Hastinapur most likely after Pandu's Digvijaya of east India. Adhirath sent Karna when he most likely 16+ to Hastinapur to be part of retinue of his friend current regent Dhritarashtr's son Duryodhan.He does that - becomes Duryodhan's friend and moves into Drona's gurukul eventually. Neither would citizens bother to know about a random guy who has come to join the entourage of their prince. Nor would the princes have public engagements once they enter gurukul (it was like a hostel)So citizens would never have had any opportunity to know Karna before RangabhoomiUnabridged versions only show citizens curiosity and ignorance of Karna. No one else's.As far as Kripa's famous dialogue is concerned -Kripa asks Karna his lineage as an introduction to present his eligibility to challenge a kshatriya prince in his own showcase ceremonyThat is basic manners. When you challenge someone whether it's a battlefield or sports ground you have to introduce yourself and prove your eligibility before you are allowed to participate. And this has to be done for the audience as much as for the participants.The citizens had a right to know who was challenging their hero	Thanks for the A2A!There might be two reasons (which I attribute purely to conjecture):The Kurus were mere children when they started their training under Drona. After their training, they had all grown up to be adolescents thus making it difficult to recognise Karna.The Display of Weapons was only for disciples of Dronacharya who were Kuru Princes. Since Karna was neither, they questioned his name and other details so as to disqualify him from competing.Peace!	In the first Hastinapur war Karna was not present. His promise was that unless the Maharathis - Bhishma, Drona died, he would not participate in the war. Hence when Karna came to fight then Arjun or Pandavas recognized Karna very well. The Pandavas knew Karna so well and we know this through various incidents that if you think that they didn't recognize Karna in Hastinapur war then you are mistaken	See, there are three controversial things, first is when Karna completed his knowledge in archery from Rama, that is,Thus addressed by Rama, Karna came away, having duty taken his leave. Arriving then before Duryodhana, he informed him, saying, 'I have mastered all weapons!'Now, when Karna reached to Duryodhana,in Hastina pura, it’s found thatDuryodhana & his brothers delightedly embraced Karna and said, “I and the Kuru kingdom await your pleasure.”Karna replied, “You’ve said it and that alone is enough.But interestingly, no any Pandava said that Karna is the same person who was once in the Drona ashrama and who hated them all. For example,,Seeing the charioteer, the Pandava Bhimasena took Karna for a charioteer's son, and said by way of ridicule, 'O son of a charioteer, thou dost not deserve death in fight at the hands of Partha. As befits thy race take thou anon the whip. And, O worst of mortals, surely thou art not worthy to sway theEven Arjuna didn’t say anything to Karna in whole conversation with Karna that You are the same man who was the student of my Guru Drona.Other than that, Lord Krishna said to Arjuna via addressing Karna,on war, thatWhen the Kuru king (Duryodhana), acting under your counsels, treated Bhimasena in that way with the aid of snakes and poisoned food, whither had this virtue of thine then gone?But such thing is not mentioned in the beginning chapters where Kauravas & Pandavas were spending their childhood in playing but only in Hastinapura, not in Drona ashrama as they were still devoid of Guru.Now, when they got Guru in form of Drona, Karna is mentioned but only once.And that’s the question, and irony too, why is he mentioned once…!!!!. : : . . : : . thanks . : : . . : : . sources . : : .1.@ Is Karna Hidden in Mahabharata!2.@ BORI Critical Edition3.@ Santi Parva :: Section III4.@ Sambhava Parva: Section CXXXIX 5.@ Karna Parva: Section 916.@ GitaPress_Mahabharata	
When was Ekalavya born Who was the mother of Ekalavya	
What happened to Parashurama after the Mahabharata War	One of the 7 immortals…Parashurama was there even during Treta Yuga (Lord Rama's time) and Dwapara Yuga (during Lord Krishna's time). Also, the fact that he was a Chiranjeevi should give you a hint that he might be still alive doing penance on Mahendragiri.He is supposed to co-exist with other avatars. Kalki Purana states that Parashurama will reemerge at the end of Kali Yuga to be the ,martial and spiritual guru of Kalki, the tenth and final avatar of Vishnu.Thanks for asking;)))	first of all he is immortal he is one of the only one who is alive after the mahabharatha and i think he is the one who took ashwathama after the curse from lord krishna and he took ashwathama with him and he will teach him and at the end of the kali yuga there will be 7 rishies who is known as saptha rishi and parashuram and ashwathama is two of them and those saptha rishies are the one who will help the humans that are willing to learn good at the end of the world so he is living around somewhere bascially himalayas	
Krishna curses Ashwatthama What is the duration of the curse	Forever.	Krishna cursed Ashwatthama,for eternity,till when there is life,time,all the things present on earth till then Ashwatthama will live on this planet and will be always be in agony and have to repent his whole life for his mistake…thx	
Why is Mahabharata known as the great Indian epic	Mahabharata book have all answers to all the questions. It's covers various stories difference genre.If you want to know about how lust for girl degrade your life and your generation read Mahabharata Santhanu king and Machakanthi .If you want to know how to keep up vow live all your life for vow read Mahabaratha Bhishma .If you want to know how vengeance drive you crazy and even after attain vengeance you won't find peace on it read Mahabharata Shikandi/ Ambai.If you want to know how inferiority complex destroy you and your generation read Mahabharata king Dhirutharastra .If you want to know hiding one mistake you have done in past will haunt you rest of your life read Mahabharata Queen kunthi.If you want to know dedication towards guru read Mahabharata Drona and Arjuna.If you want to know about how to live your life and be happy at any moment read Mahabharata about karma yogi Krishana.If you want to know how jealous drive you down even when you have everything in your life read Mahabharata DhuriyothanaIf you want to know what is bad parenting instead of teaching good virtues you want to give your children luxury life and how it will ruin even if you make him king read Mahabharata Dhorna and aswanthama.If you want to know about true friendship read Mahabharata Karna and Duryodhana.If you want to learn what is meaning for life and how to live life peaceful read Bhagwat Gita karma yogi.Most important to all in most of story their would be hero and villain. But in Mahabharata we don’t have such thing each character have its own negative as well as positive shades . There are people who worship Krishana , Arjuna and other Pandavas as well as Dhuriyodhana.That’s why we call it as great Indian epic well its common to world so we can call it as world epic.	In Mahabharata, only the patients and old men besides women, all people fought and a paltry number could survive.The Vedas and Puranas were not heard by Sudras as they were not free from their duties and Vaishyas usually were not fighting in the old times.In Mahabharata war, all warriors, whether westerners or easterners or southerns or easternerns and Vaishyas , Sudras fought and all had been addressed as Kshatriyas and were rallied for the deaths on the lines of the Kshatriyas.In Mahabharata for the first time there remained no more classification of Kshatriyas, Vaishyas or Sudras.Only Brahmanas did not fight and since they were alive after war so being in majorities continued the Varnashrama and Pandavas had to accept the pain of calling the descendents of Martyrs warriors as Vaishyas and Sudras.EDIT:::—All read because they think that it was their own war in which their ancestors fought and died and were called Kashatryas.Brahmins read it because they feel that after the war was over, it was their ancestors who fought to maintain the Varnashrama system intact by pressing on Pandavas.Only Pandavas were defeated because they had to call the ancestors as Kshatriyas during war but after the war was over they had to address the generation as The Vaishyas and as the Sudras.The system at present is continued by those whose ancestors did not fight in the war.	This is a Western work, describing it's length and complexity. It is not an epic, it a poetic record of historical events.Students of Vedas consider Ramayana to be more important.	
Why didn t Drona teach Brahmanda Astra and Vaishnavastra	For similar reasons which he did not teach him how to use Internet, Java , C++ , play candie crush, use Thor hammer and did not give him Iron man suit and also infinity gauntlet.He decided to give infinity gauntlet to karna when karan left his school, Drona chased him and handed it over him as parting gift. Karna was so angry that still he went to Parshurama and got Stormbreaker. Now, he both had stormbreaker of Thor and Infinity gauntlet which now puzzled Super commando Dhruva.Confused?Even I get confused when people ask about Brahmanda astra and also state that Vijay bow had some protecting shield which disabled even Pashupat. These things are no where in epic. Therefore there is no difference in fake stories I wrote above and these. There was no Brahmandanda astra . Yes, there was Vijay bow which Parshurama gave to karna but it had no such shield and even with it karna was badly injured. There are many fake weapons circulating on net.yes, there is mention of Vashishta using his cosmic power to fight Vishwamitra and he had Danda in his hand. But that was just an instrument to channelize his energy. It was not a separate weapon. Ashwathama used kusha(grass blade) to fire Brahmshira but if someone makes Kusha astra and all people start plucking grass from ground and start running to kill armies? Even Nar used grass to make weapon and attack in his last birth but if we don’t understand that it was Nar cosmic power and make it a weapon we will damage environment in process. saints use water to curse but that water is not special. what is special is their own energy of Brahma(Brahmin energy or eternal energy of Brahma earned by penance) , but if someone use tap water and thinks of attacking pakistan then he is bound to die by that. Using mineral water and throwing water bottle is not Varunastra. Varunastra is different.If someone has read Thor comics or seen Thor movies his father asks him are you God of hammer or thunder when he is sad for losing his hammer. The point was that it was Thor own energy which was making that hammer work and he did not need that hammer actually. Similarly Vashisht danda was just a medium nothing more.Why he did not teach Vaishnavtra?Now coming to Vaishnavtra Arjuna possessed it too but I am not sure from whom he got it. My take is that in most probability he learned it from Krishna. I suspect Drona had that weapon. If he had I am sure he would have given it to Ashwathama and he would have used it. I might be wrong though. In Epic out of those fighting in battlefield Only Arjuna and Bhagdutt seem to actually possess it. Bhagdutt was only one who used it and I might differ with others but I think Bhagdutt weapon was superior to that of Arjuna due to boon given to Bhoomidevi. Arjuna also possessed that weapon but the boon would have made Bhagdutt slightly more powerful with that weapon and thus krishna had to block it.	Brahmanda AstraThere was no such Astra as per Sanskrit versions of Mahabharata. Neither Bori nor Unabridged Editions mentioned an astra by that name.It was invented by TV show creatives to suit their purpose.1.Brahmadanda Of VasishtaIt was a staff held by Vasishta when he faced Viswamithra..Vasishta invoked all his spiritual energy into that staff ,the Brahmadanda and nullified all Astras hurled by Vishwamitra.Vasishtha nullifies all Astras with his Brahma danda.Viswamitra lifted up agneya astra (shaft of fire) and discharging it said, 'stay, stay'.ब्रह्मदण्डं समुत्क्षिप्य कालदण्डमिवाऽपरम्।वसिष्ठो भगवान् क्रोधादिदं वचनमब्रवीत्।।1.56.2।।Venerable Vasishta, in fury lifted the Brahmadanda which was like another rod of death. And spoke these words:क्षत्रबन्धो स्थितोस्म्येष यद्बलं तद्विदर्शय।नाशयाम्यद्य ते दर्पं शस्त्रस्य तव गाधिज।।1.56."O wicked kshatriya O son of Gadhi here I stand. Show me your strength and the pride of your arms. I will destroy them now.क्व च ते क्षत्रियबलं क्व च ब्रह्मबलं महत्।पश्य ब्रह्मबलं दिव्यं मम क्षत्रियपांसन।।1.56.2O mean kshatriya where does your energy of a kshatriya stand in comparison with the great energy of Brahma? Behold my Brahmabala(Brahman's energy)".तस्यास्त्रं गाधिपुत्रस्य घोरमाग्नेयमुद्यतम्।ब्रह्मदण्डेन तच्छान्तमग्नेर्वेग इवाम्भसा।।1.56.5।।The Brahmadanda (held by Vasishta) put down the dreadful agneya astra released by Gadhi's son..The incensed son of Gadhi employed varuna, raudra, aindra, pasupata and aishika weapons."O Descendent of Raghu Viswamitra employed weapons like manava, mohana, gandharva, swapana, jrimbhana, madana, santapana, vilapana, shoshana, darana, vajra weapons, Brahma, kala and varuna pasas, the favourite painaka, daita, shushka, ardra vajras, danda, paisacha, krauncha, weapons, dharmachakra, kalachakra, vishnuchakras, vayavya, mathana, hayasira weapons, kanakala, musala powers, vaidyadhara, kalatrishula, kapala, kankana weapons discharged against Vasishta the best of ascetics. All this became aweful.तानि सर्वाणि दण्डेन ग्रसते ब्रह्मणस्सुत:।।1.56.13।।तेषु शान्तेषु ब्रह्मास्त्रं क्षिप्तवान् गाधिनन्दन:।Vasishta son of Brahma, swallowed all those weapons with his staff.. When those weapons were humbled, son of Gadhi employed .Viswamitra hurls Brahmastra.तदप्यस्त्रं महाघोरं ब्रह्मं ब्राह्मेण तेजसा ।वसिष्ठो ग्रसते सर्वं ब्रह्मदण्डेन राघव।।1.56.16।।O Descendant of Raghu Vasishta who possessed the energy of Brahma swallowed that very dreadful Brahmastra entirely with the help of Brahmadanda.ब्रह्मास्त्रं ग्रसमानस्य वसिष्ठस्य महात्मन:।त्रैलोक्यमोहनं रौद्रं रूपमासीत्सुदारुणम्।।1.56.17।।While swallowing Brahmastra the great Vasishta looked fierce and terrible causing the three worlds to faint.The staff of Brahma in Vasishta's hand, resembling smokeless fire at the end of the dissolution of the worlds inflamed like another rod of death.ततोऽस्तुवन् मुनिगणा वसिष्ठं जपतां वरम्।अमोघं ते बलं ब्रह्मन् तेजो धारय तेजसा।।1.56.20Then hosts of saints praised Vasishta, the best among sages, saying "O Brahmin, your energy is infallible, hold your energy by your enegy".At this, Vasishta the most brilliant ascetic became quiet.Humiliated Viswamithra accepts defeat and spoke these words :धिग्बलं क्षत्रियबलं ब्रह्मतेजो बलं बलम्।एकेन ब्रह्मदण्डेन सर्वास्त्राणि हतानि मे।।1.56.23।।Shame Where is the might of a kshatriya? The energy of a brahmin is the real energy.The staff of Brahma has singly destroyed all my weapons."Now I have realised the reason. With clear mind and senses, I shall undertake intense penance which will earn me brahminhood".इत्यार्षे श्रीमद्रामायणे वाल्मीकीय आदिकाव्ये बालकाण्डे षट्पञ्चाशस्सर्ग:।।Thus ends the fiftysixth sarga of Balakanda of the holy Ramayana the first epic composed by sage Valmiki.Brahmadanda became devastating in the hands of Vasishta because Vasishta invoked all his spiritual energy and power of penance into it. It was a mere staff which became invincible with Vadishtha’s power.The staff stopped all the astras including Brahmastra. Vasishta proved his spiritual power. It was not an astra. It was his spiritual energy.So even Brahmadanda is not an astra. It was a staff into which spiritual energy got accumulated.Drona did not teach Brahmandastra because it did not exist.2.Now about Vaishnavastra.Arjuna and Vishnu related weapons.Bhishma said Arjuna had Vaishnavastra.. He included it when he told Duryothana thus.ExcerptListen, O king! Abandon thy wrath! Thou hast seen, O Duryodhana how the intelligent Partha created that jet of cool and nectar-scented water! There is none else in this world capable of achieving such feat. The weapons appertaining to Agni, Varuna, Soma, Vayu, and Vishnu, as also those appertaining to Indra, Pasupati, and Paramesthi, and those of Prajapati, Dhatri, Tashtri, Savitri, and Vivaswat, all these are known to Dhananjaya alone in this world of men! Krishna, the son of Devaki, also knoweth them.So Arjuna had Weapons related to Vishnu..Bhishma said so.आग्नेयं वारुणं सौम्यं वायव्यम अथ वैष्णवमऐन्द्रं पाशुपतं बराह्मं पारमेष्ठ्यं परजापतेःAgneya, Varuna, Soumya, Vayavya, #Vaishnava, Aindra, Pashupata, Brahma, Parameshtha, Prajapatya, Dhatu, Tvashtu, Savitu and all the other divine weapons—among all the men on earth, Dhananjaya alone is the one who knows them.”Clearly mentioned by Bhishma that Arjuna posessed Vaishnava Astra.Who offered Vaishnavastra to Arjuna ?Drona or Krishna?Arjuna’s confession to Uttar before Virat war.ExcerptTrained in arms by the preceptor Drona, by Sakra, and Vaisravana, and Yama, and Varuna, and Agni, and Kripa, and Krishna of Madhu's race, and by the wielder of the Pinaka (Siva), why shall I not fight with these?”Arjuna included Krishna as his trainer.Another confession from Arjuna before Yudhishtira in Udyoga Parva“Having paid my respects, for battle's sake, to Rudra, Sakra, Vaisravana, Yama, Varuna, Pavaka, Kripa, Drona, and #Madhava, and wielding that tough celestial bow of great energy called Gandiva, and accoutred with inexhaustible arrows and armed with celestial weapons, how can a person like me, O tiger among men, say, even unto Indra armed with the thunderbolt, such words as I am afraid!”Arjuna himself confesses this in Udyoga Parva.He quoted Madhava along with his preceptors.To sum upThere was no Brahmandastra as popularised by fiction and serials.There was Brahma danda,a staff which got converted into a devastating defensive means by Vasishta’s spiritual energy.Arjuna knows Vishnu related astras..Bhishma stated..Arjuna included Krishna as his preceptor . We can not say he must have said so because he instructed gitagyan. For both his confessions happened before the war.Arjuna’s knowledge of Vaishnavastra was established. Now who gave him that?Drona? Or Krishna? Mostly Krishna.But I feel It is immaterial Since both were his preceptors and well wishers.Foot notes.Bori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionKisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationVirata Parva XLVUdyoga Parva CLIXBhishma Parva CXXIIIRamayana Of Valmiki Balakanda Ch 56	Drona didn't teach Brahmanda Astra and Vaishnavastra because of following reasons —Drona didn't had the knowledge of the Vaishnav Astra.Coming to Brahmanda Astra, there is no Astra called Brahmanda Astra . There was only Brahmastra and Brahmashira Astra. So Drona was not knowing about this Astra.	
Why are the Pandavas only said to be on the side of dharma when we know each and every character from both sides are a shade of grey What is your interpretation	यतो कृष्ण: ततो धर्म: ।Lord Krishna was the real embodiment of Dharma. As He stood by the side of Pandavas, Pandavas come to stand for Dharma as well.Pandavas’ total reliance and dependence on Krishn is an added point. Even Kauravas knew that Krishna is an Avtar but they, out of their egoism and obstinacy, were defying Him. Rama reprimanded Bali because he also knowing fully well that Sugriva is under the shelter of Rama, tried to kill him.It may be questioned that can Avtar behave as a partisan? The matter be examined in much greater details, but if we cannot rely on the total impartiality of the Creator, the world as well as our life itself becomes meaningless for every single moment which we surely never so believe.Let us , therefore have a proper and a positive persoective about the doings of the Lord and seek proper meanings in His ways as well as in our life.	No one was on the side of dharma or adharma. It is believed that the pandavas were on the side of dharma ONLY because lord Krishna became arjun’s sarathi . Because it had seemed that lord Krishna was on the side of pandavas so it was assumed that pandavas was on the side of dharma. But in reality lord Krishna was on neither’s side . He is the biggest truth, he himself had told that he was withhin everybody who took part in the war so how can it be that he was supporting the pandavas. He was just ending the yug (dwapar)through the great war KURUKSHETRA and preparing to bring the new yug ( kali) ; for which had he incarbated. It was not the reason to defeat kans and rule mathura but bring a new yug ;of his incarnation. Moreover the if pandavas were so good and yudhistir was so dharmic then how can he bet his wife and brothers in the dice game .Pandavas to be on the side of dharma is the biggest lie that time gave birth. Every body were bad in this war so everybody died. But according to me the pandavas were the worst amongst them so they couldnot even rule hastinapur even after such a big war and they had to leave for himalayas. Moreover parikshit was also not their own peogeny . He died in his mothers womb because of ashwathama and got rebirth due to lord Krishna’s punya . So in this way he didnt carry the gene of his forefathers.	Mahabharata was a period when dharma, as practiced by Kshatriya kings of those times, was at its lowest ebb.And the problem was that everybody had the audacity to justify their actions quoting some sastra or other. If you read the various verbal duals, discussions or arguments happening at all major events of Mahabharata, you will find each major character in the scene justifying that his standpoint is correct as per dharma, even after committing a serious crime or misdeed.The kings have died and the widowed queens have no issues? Oh! Shastra permits getting them impregnated by another worthy male, so that the kingdom should not be left without a king. How can Satyavati live with royal comforts otherwise?!Husband will die if he has intercourse with wives? But husband is worried about something more -- as per shastra, he will suffer in lower worlds after death if he does not have children to do his last rites. What to do? Oh! Sashtra permits wife to have relationship with someone else with husband's permission to beget a child. Kunti had sex with celestial Gods to have 3 children? Not fare! Madri too can get the mantra from Kunti to have children by calling another celestial God, because shastras say both wifes should have equal rights!Playing dice game with bets is wrong? Oh! Not really. Shastras permit kings to play such games and it is equivalent to winning or losing in wars!5 men marrying one woman is wrong? Oh! Not really. Shastras permit it on certain occasions based on certain things. Kunti's words should not be wronged, you see, even if she had uttered it ("all the 5 of you enjoy it together") out of context! Neglecting mother's words is adharma!I can quote umpteen such things how ruling class people bent rules, broke rules, did injustice and so on in order to do whatever they felt like and said it is all dharma!Krishna came to earth to put an end to this nonsense.And amidst all the variety of these sort of kshatriya kings, only Pandavas were somewhat better!They were better because, despite their mistakes and faults, they were at least willing to acknowledge their mistakes and suffer for the blunder as a way of penance. They accepted punishment and suffering (12 years of living in forest and 1 year of hidden living), lost all their royal comforts and underwent all sorts of hardships in these 13 years. Then only they came back and claimed their promised land.I have another personal theory too to see why Pandavas were the chosen ones to lead the country post the massive war of destruction. It was because they were NOT fathered by any Kshatriyas, but by celestial Gods! Father of Yudhishtra was Dharma Devata, of Arjuna was Lord Indra and so on.Thus Pandavas were born from the seeds of Beings of a higher realm, not the kshatriyas and Brahmins of the earth. (Remember: Even the seeds of a Brahmin did not work out well earlier! Maharshi Vyasa fathered Dhritarashtra and Pandu and they too did not prove to be anything great!)Thus, I believe Pandavas' value system was better than the class of Kshatriyas of their times, even though their mothers were kshatriyas. Perhaps since their genes also contained the taints of their mothers, they were not totally free from the weaknesses of the kshatriyas (the shades of grey you have mentioned).	Hare Krishna :)Pandavas chose Krishna and thus inspite of all so called adharma they seemed to have performed, they were completely under the shelter of Dharma.Th deal is anyone who follows the orders of Krishna is considered as a demigod and those who do not surrender to Krishna is said to be a demon and follower of adharma.Krishna is the Absolute Truth and he is the creator of Dharma. He establishes Dharma and he epitomises it. He comes to protect it, restores it from time to time and punishes the miscreants again and again.Factually Krishna is neutral to the Suras and the asuras. Krishna's support is there for both the parties. However the asuras do not have any faith in Krishna like Duryodhan and do not take his advice seriously. Whereas the Suras herein the Pandavas follow Krishna's advice and thus turn out to be victorious and dharmic.Finally, even if there appears to be shades of grey in the characters of the Pandavas they have to be excused as Krishna himself confirms in Bhagavad Gita 9.30–31Even if one commits the most abominable actions, if he is engaged in devotional service, he is to be considered saintly because he is properly situated.He quickly becomes righteous and attains lasting peace. O son of Kunti, declare it boldly that My devotee never perishes.On the contrary if one who does not surrender to Krishna, even if he appears to be dharmic like Karna ended up on the side of being adharmic.	First of all we have to know that Pandavas were a supporter of dharma and they were being guided by lord Krishna himself, who takes incarnation every time to protect this world from evil people and establish dharma in this world. If we can analyze the world of the Pandavas then we can see that there was nothing as the shadow of grey, and since there was no shadow of grey so to give victory to the Pandavas lord Krishna himself took this duty. God never supports a person who is against dharma.To traverse the path of truth and dharma every human being has to face a lot of terrible dangers and barriers come in their life. The time to which the story of the Pandavas belong, in that time evil people like Duryodhana and Dushasana had gained prevalence in this world. Therefore to protect themselves from these evil people even if the Pandavas ever had taken a different path in their life then it cannot be stated as the shadow of grey. They had done it to protect their lives and to establish a “Dharma Raaj” in the land of Bharat.	I don’t think you can equate the Pandavas with the Kouravas. Kauravas tried to murder the Pandavas and indulged in adharma by using dice game to deprive the Pandavas of their rightful inheritance. The most striking difference between the two was the character of Yudhishthira.Yudhishthira's views on DharmaYudhishthira said,".. I never act, solicitous of the fruits of my actions. I give away, because it is my duty to give; I sacrifice because it is my duty to sacrifice! ..I act virtuously not from the desire of reaping the fruits of virtue, but of not transgressing the ordinances of the Veda, and beholding also the conduct of the good and wise! My heart.... is naturally attracted towards virtue. The man who wisheth to reap the fruits of virtue is a trader of virtue. His nature is mean and he should never be counted amongst the virtuous. Nor doth he ever obtain the fruits of his virtue! ... if the virtues that are practiced by the virtuous had no fruits, this universe then would be enveloped in infamous darkness. No one then would pursue salvation, no one would seek to acquire knowledge not even wealth, but men would live like beasts. If ascetism, the austerities of celibate life, sacrifices, study of the Vedas, charity, honesty, these all were fruitless, men would not have practiced virtue generation after generation."(Mahabharata, Aranya Parva XXXI)	
Where can we get the actual original book of the Mahabharata and Ramayana	There is no such manuscript signed by Vyasa. Scribes of all later ages changed some episodes and inserted their own versions. It is a big debate to tell which version now available is the original. BORI, an institute with dozens of scholars studying the MBh, has more info and published a “critical” version of the epic, MBh. That should help.Ramayana is a tad different. Its history is too long and is spread in several countries. The Valmiki version is available atValmiki RamayanaHope this helps.-Vasu-	Gita Press, Gorakhpur	
Why does the Mahabharatas Drona Parva say that Satyajit was equal to Arjuna	Satyajit was commander of Panchala army. He was a brave warrior but to say he was equal to Arjun certainly sounds exaggerated by all means.Arjuna defeated Satyajit in Gurudakshina warWhen Kauravas and Karna got defeated by Drupad,Arjun went ahead with Bhima,Nakula and Sahadeva.Satyajit Who was the commander of Panchala forces faced Arjun when the latter was going towards Drupad.Satyajit’s defeatOn seeing Arjuna rushing at the king of Panchala to seize him, Satyajit of great prowess rushed at him.And the two warriors, approaching each other for combat, began to grind each other's ranks.Then Arjuna with great force pierced Satyajit with ten keen shafts at which feat the spectators were all amazed.But Satyajit, without losing any time, assailed Arjuna with a hundred shafts.Then that mighty car-warrior, Arjuna, endued with remarkable lightness of motion, thus covered by that shower of arrows, rubbed his bow-string to increase the force and velocity of his shafts.Then cutting in twain Satyajit’s bow, Arjuna rushed at the king of the Panchalas, Drupad.but Satyajit, quickly taking up a tougher bow, pierced with his arrows Partha, his chariot, charioteer, and horses.Arjuna, thus assailed in battle by Satyajit,pierced him with a number of arrows his horses, flags, bow, clenched (left) fist, charioteer, and the attendant at his back.Then Satyajit, finding his bows repeatedly cut in twain and his horses slain, desisted from the fight.This was how Arjuna overpowered Satyajit and defeated him. That time Arjuna was a young prince,who fought his first major battle in Panchal.Satyajit’s deathIn Kurukshetra war on 12 th day when Arjuna was challenged by Samsaptakas,he appointed Satyajit to protect Yudhishtir from Drona.ExcerptArjuna said, 'This Satyajit, O king, will today become thy protector in battle. As long as Satyajit lives, the preceptor will never be able to attain his desire. If, however, O lord, this tiger among men, Satyajit, be slain in battle, thou shouldst not then remain on the field even if surrounded by all our warriors.'Satyajit resisted Drona to the best of his ability but was beheaded by him.Arjuna definitely felt that Satyajit may not be able to protect Yudhishtir from Drona hence he told his brother to leave the field of battle,in case if Satyajit gets killed by Drona.In contrast Arjuna considered Satyaki as equally competent like him in protecting his brother. On 14 th day he entrusted the responsibility to Satyaki and said he would feel relieved if Satyaki or Pradyumna stood beside Yudhishtir.Clearly shows it is not Satyajit Who was estimated as a warrior of his caliber..It was Satyaki ,Who was trained by Arjuna himself ,he was considered as equal to himself by Arjuna.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of MahabharataKisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationAdi Parva CXLDrona Parv.XXI,LXXXIV	Mahabharat is full of hyperbole and such comparisons to highlight capability of a warrior. Many warriors though good but not great have been compared to Indra and Rudra at times. Satyajit was a great warrior and part of Drupad glorious days when he defeated Kauravas and karna as per KMG and gita press(not mentioned in BORI though clearly). He fights bravely and thus he was compared with Arjuna. It shouldn’t be seen that he was really in his league.	Satyajit had managed to cut Arjuna’s bow in that fight for gurudakshina. He was a good well trained no nonsense warrior. Even engaged Drona for a while before Drona cut off his head from his trunk. Him being alive no one was capable of even touching Yudhishthira but he was not in the same league as drona, arjuna, bhishma etc.	
Who leads Narayani Sena in the Mahabharata War	Kritverma leads the narayani sena in the mahabharat war	
Why did they only revive Arjun back to life using Nagamani after being killed by Babruvahana Why not Vrishakethu who was the actual king of Hastinapur	I have replied to this answer many times in straight forward way from the epic but people love stories .Well, Let me tell you a story and please read fullyWhen Ulupi revived Arjuna Aman Verma rushed to her and said O great lady kindly revive my career so that I could also star in a Movie in Main lead again. Ulupi was surprised and asked who he was. Aman Verma said I am playing Vrishketu Son of karna. Ulupi was confused and she said I have heard no such Vrishketu and no son of karna survived the war. No chance at all.Aman Verma replied haven’t you seen BR chopra Mahabharat Katha or heard my fictional stories at all?Ulupi said why would I read such fictional stories?Aman verma then said so you don’t know about Sudama my brother who died at hands of Arjuna in serial Suryaputra karna.Ulupi again said No, I don’t know any such Sudama. I only know Sudama who was friend of Krishna. No son of karna was killed during the Swaymwar at all.Aman Verma was shocked. He then rushed to Ved Vyasa and asked about Vrishketu. Ved Vyasa said no, I have not written about any such Vrishketu. Did sauti told you( Sauti was one of the narrators of MB)Aman Verma agian rushed to him and said Sauti ‘’Did you tell about Vriskhketu?”. Sauti said no I did not name anyone like that.Aman verma then left all hopes of his revival and then started working in TV serials playing side roles or villain in that horrible series Supercops.Morale of the story—-There was no Vrishketu in the epic and his story is as fictional as this one. No karna son survived the epic. Babruvhana did not kill anyone in the epic. Contrary to TV shows where he challenges everyone to bring Arjuna and like Angry young man fights and kills his father. In Vyasa epic it was Arjuna who challenged Babruvahana who went their to welcome his father.Read this from Ashwamedha parva‘On hearing that his brave father had arrived, King Babhruvahana emerged in humility, placing noble brahmanas and gifts before him. Dhananjaya saw that the lord ofManipura had arrived. However, remembering the dharma of kshatriyas, the intelligent one did not approve of this. Phalguna, with dharma in his soul, was enraged and said, “This conduct of you coming out is not in accordance with the dharma of kshatriyas. I have arrived here, protecting Yudhishthira’s horse. The sacrificial animal has arrived in your kingdom. O son! Why are you not fighting with me? You are knowledgable about the dharma of kshatriyas. O extremely evil-minded one! Shame on you. Wishing to fight, I have arrived before you and you are seeking peace. Though you are alive on this earth, no manliness exists in you. Since you seek to receive me peacefully, you possess the intelligence of women. O extremely evil-minded one! You have cast aside your weapons and have arrived here now. O worst of men! This is what your conduct has shownHere Arjuna is challenging Babruvahana who has come to welcome him. So, there is no chance whatsoever that Babruvhana foolishly killed people who came before him. Later when Babruvhana kills mildly fighting Arjuna , in shame he decided to also die by fasting. then Ulupi comes and she tells that it was a plan by Arjuna and her to get rid of curse of Vasus and she revives him.“O son! Arise. Jishnu has not been slain by you. He is incapable of being defeated by men and not even by the gods, with Vasava. For the sake of causing pleasure to your illustrious father, Indra among men, I invoked the maya known as Mohini today. O son! Kourava desired to test your strength. O king! That slayer of enemy heroes came here to fight against you in the encounter. O son!It is for his sake that I incited you to fight. O son! O lord! You should not entertain the slightest bit ofdoubt about your having committed a sin. This man is an immensely energetic rishi. He is eternal andindestructible. O son! Even Shakra is incapable of defeating him in a battleRead Ashwamedha parva for full details.SourcesBORI CE as translated by Bibek debroy.	Thank you for the A2A.The first part of your question: why was Arjuna revived using the Nagamani. Arjuna had been cursed by the Vasus, the brothers of Bhishma, because of his hand in his death, that he would be killed by his own son just as Bhishma had been killed by his (grand)son. Now Bhabruvahana was the only son of Arjuna left alive. He was the son of Chitrangada and the ruler of Manipura. The Naga princess Ulupi, Arjuna’s second wife, comes up with the idea of getting Arjuna killed by Bhabruvahana and being revived by her. So when the Ashwamedha horse reached Manipura and the delighted king came out to receive his father, Arjuna insulted him and challenged his manhood, and Ulupi instigated him to fight. During the battle, Arjuna fought mildly according to the plan and ended up getting killed by his son. A distraught Bhabruvahana then decides to kill himself for the sin of patricide, but Ulupi consoles him, tells him about their plan, and revives Arjuna. The curse is thus fulfilled as well as bypassed.Now for the second part of your question, regarding Vrishaketu. The actual canonical text of the Mahabharata makes no mention of Vrishaketu. Even if he had been real, he had no actual claim to the throne of Hastinapura. Just as Karna had had no claim. Karna was Kunti’s eldest from before her marriage, and the only way he could have had a claim was if Pandu had known about him and accepted Kunti with him, or adopted him later when he came to know about him. Neither of the things happened and Pandu died without any knowledge of Karna, believing Yudhishthira to be his heir. So Karna had no claim to Hastinapura throne. People think he had a claim because Krishna offered him the kingdom prior to the war. That was just politics and wartime diplomacy; Yudhishthira actually had no knowledge of it, and when he found out his only lament was that he would’ve been invincible with both Arjuna and Karna by his side. So even Dharmaraja Yudhishthira knew that Karna had no claim to the throne. Which is why, neither would Vrishaketu have one if he was real. For a more detailed analysis on this topic please refer to the link at the end of the answer.The battle between Arjuna and Bhabruvahana makes no mention of Vrishaketu or his dying. According to the canonical Mahabharata, all of Karna’s sons had perished in the war before him.Roopal Garg's answer to Why do people say that if the Pandavas has known Karna was their brother they’d have given him the crown, he wasn’t pandu’s son?	Vrishaketu is not part of any edition of Vyas Sanskrit Mahabharata.The character is part of book called Jaimini Aswamedha Parva. The book has numerous other characters which are not part of Vyas Mahabharata.Even though the book is named after sage Jaimini who was one of the pupil of Vyas, as per scholarly understanding the book is not a contemporary of Sanskrit Epic (which was formed before Gupta Period - 300 BCE- 400 CE - to be specific and mostly considered as one of the earliest work available) and considered as much later work (Possibly around 800 CE), possibly written after Srimad Bhagawatam and was part of Bhakti movement era. You can research yourself on this.As per available text - only Aswamedha Parva of Jaimini Bharat available there is no single reference available about any existence of other Parvas.Technically I don’t see any reason why only Aswamedha Parva would exists and other would be completely lost.I believe it is a fiction or retelling based on Aswamedha Parva of Vyas Mahabharata.But majority of regional retelling Mahabharata included Jaimini Aswamedha Parva possibly because as a story it was much better with many mythical events mentioned. Compared to that Vyas Aswamedha Parva was raw and full of war mission - very straight forward.As per Sanskrit Vyas epic none of the Karna’s sons survived the war.So it’s not possible to give any explanation to such question.	Vrishketu is said to be the son of Karna.Since Karna was “ Suyodha” of Pandu, hence he himself was not entitled to have any right or any quantum of interest in the Daya( Property) of Pandu who already died.Since Karna was not entitled so his sons had no right in the property even on the basis of Primogenitor principle.This law has been described in the Mahabharata in which Ved Vyasji is of the category of “ Kaaneena”.Edit:::— There two types of kinsmen.One ::-Some are entitled to heir and kinsmen.Second ::- Most of men are not entitled to heir but still they are only kinsmen.Karna and his sons were only kinsmen.But even then rivival by the Mani could have been only that much efficatious and there could not have remained the condition of Vrishaketu for revival.	Vrishketu does not exist in the original Mahabharat	
Why did Krishna not reveal Karnas real identity to the Pandavas	Why did Krishna not reveal Karna’s real identity to the Pandavas?This is not a question of an ordinary import because it by its “ Why did not” wants the theme of Mahabharata revealed with the careful chosen words by Lord Ganesha who understood the intent of its author.Krishna was too busy in His works for which He was born,ie, Establishment of the kingdom of Ugrasena which reputation wise was made questionable by the acts of Kansa.So much so, that He did not meet neither of brothers of Pandavas and much less the Kauravas and Karna. The first meeting was possible only in the house of Potter at the time of swayanvara of Draupadi.Then Karna and Duryodhana became very busy in their designs to harm the Pandavas and the Pandavas had to face them upto the incidence of Varnavata.Varnavata incidence was not an ordinary one but it was the treason to kill the Yuvaraj of Hastinapur and for Shri Krishna was personal event because by this his father’s sister Kunti was also tried to be burnt.After partition of the kingdom, priority for all the Pandavas was to make progress in raising the life standard of the public and then there was marriage of Subhadra and Khandava dahan which made Duryodhana to more become intolerant towards the Pandavas and Karna had to follow the suit.Then the dice and hatred of all towards Karna’s words used and showing of Krishna 100% alliance to the Pandavas made Duryodhana further distancing from Shri Krishna and Karna remained inaccessible.At the war preparations and the peace talks failure was the only occasion to first tell the burning Karna against Arjuna.“ one request O Krishna, keep this fact secret from Yudhisthira…….”said Karna to Krishna.“ O Janardana, I had seen the dream in the night…..”The facts became clear.“ Promise that you will bring Arjuna before me in the war…”The purpose of telling to the Pandavas was over because Karna wanted to have duel with Arjuna and Arjuna was Krishna’s soul.Karna is not single whole but the portion of the Sun determined to demolish Arjuna’s worth by any means and for him brotherhood had no meaning. Karna wanted to achieve the glory and Shri Krishna ensured that and made him memory free warrior having nothing to repent before death by the words spoken by Him and apologetic words spoken by Karna were gone to the higher regions.In the Shrimadbhagvadgita Lord Krishna says that the unpolluted soul wrapped with all sanskaras goes to leave one body to the other chosen body. So nothing went with the soul of Karna and thats all. What Karna could not achieve in his life time was given by the Lord and had he told in advance the duty cast upon by gods for serving purpose and the glory of Karna would have defeated because Karna himself spoke that let all the kings who had assembled there should also get their higher regions and that was the purpose of gods.	Krishna tried all the methods to stop the carnage , but once he sees that more he tries to prevent the war , deeper the prospects appear . He tries Karna Knowingly that Karna would never switch sides in such crucial situation.Karna rightly says that if Yudhisthira offers crown to Karna , Karna would just pass it on to Duryodhana . War would have been prevented but establishment of dharma would have taken the beating . Krishna doesnt even reveal identity of Karna imediately after his death but keeps quiest till the war is completely over and let Kunti reveal the facts . No wonder it was Krishnas war more than anything else.Arjuna would never fight Karna as being sutta caste was only reason for rivarly and hatteredness to Karna . Arjuna was indeed racist more than a archer .Knowling Karna to be Kshtriya and equal and also elder brother to him would have let Arjuna surrender unconditionally .	If Krishna would have done that, then All of would have to be given separate lessons of Bhagwad Gita. Because Karna had decided(firmly) to fight along side Duryodhana, but his brothers would have been now confused. Very few knew about it, and Krishna wanted to keep it this way. If this would have propagated then all many would have forgot Dharma, as emotions would have took on sides.Here is the story of Karna for more perspective.	Karn had taken words from Krishna for not revealing the secret to Pandvas as in that case Yudhishthira would give throne to Karna who would only hand over it to Duryodhana defeating Krishna’s case of the establishment of Dharma by making Pandvas win!	Perhaps they were mentally not as strong as Karna. If they knew that Karna is his elder brother then instead of war they would have given the kingdom to Karna and Karna would then gifted it to Duryodhana. To balance the earth the Mahabharata war was necessary and Krishna can't let it stop in any way.	
Is Hanuman ji common in both Mahabharata and Ramayana	YES.He is chiranjeevi. ( the one who has no death) he would live forever, so he was present when Ramayana happened and even when Mahabharat happened.अश्वत्थामा बलिव्र्यासो हनूमांश्च विभीषण:।कृप: परशुरामश्च सप्तएतै चिरजीविन:॥He played an important role in the Ramayana as Rama bhakt, and in Mahabharat he met Bhima and Arjuna had Hanuman ji as his banner.	As everyone knows the role Hanumanji plays in Ramayana I won’t comment on it.In Mahabharat he appears several timesHe meets Bhima as an old monkey with his tail on the road. Bhima doesn’t want to cross the tail hence he requests Hanuman to take it away. Hanuman replies that he is old and weak, and unable to move it by himself, if Bhima can move it himself he can go ahead. Bhima tries very hard but is unable to do so. He realises that this is no ordinary monkey. Hanuman then reveals himself to him and tells him to drop his proudness.When Arjuna is in exile he comes to Rameshvar. He sees the bridge built by Lord Ram and remarks why Ram didn’t build a bridge of arrows like he himself could. Hanuman who is nearby in disguise replies that a bridge of arrows would be too weak to carry mighty army of Vanaras. Both have an argument and then Hanuman bets that he can break any bridge built by Arjuna. First bridge is indeed easily broken by him. That time Lord Srikrishna appears on the scene, he secretly puts his Sudarshan Chakra below the new bridge. Hanumanji is then unable to break it. As per terms of bet Lord Hanumanji has to appear on flag on Arjuna’s chariot at war time.As mentioned in point two, Hanumanji appears on flag of Arjuna’s chariot at time of war and protects it from various weapons or astras thrown at it by various warriors.He once visits Dwarka and meets Lord Krishna. Where two of them fight a battle. Lord Krishna then reveals that it was as per Hanumanji’s wish in previous avatar where He had become angry at Lord Rama for his treatment of Sita after the war. Hanuman had then challenged Lord Ram for a battle, who then told him that he will do it in next avatar.	Yes! The way Parshuram is an avtar of Vishnu (sixth avtar). He reoccurs in Ramayana, during Sita Swayamwar. Now Ram is the seventh avtar of Vishnu, yet we see both of them facing each other in the narrative. When Krishna, the eight avtar of Vishnu appears in Mahabharata, Parshuram shows up again as teacher of Karana. Now that is a bit more complex then Hanumaji appearing as his own self in both the epics.Hanumaji is a chiranjivi and has been around since the time of Ramayana, or so is believed. He was son of Wind god, Bheema is also son of Wind god, that makes them half brothers. And in Mahabharata he visits his brother. He reminds Bheema to let go of his ego and become more humble. Arjuna had him on his flag on his chariot. So its more like he is worshiped and has one encounter with Bheema. Apart from that we do not see him as an important active character in Mahabharata.The best part about the Indian epics and mythology is they re-use their characters as and when required, to pass on the right messages!!	Hanuman is one of the central characters in Ramayana and here he was very common as his main parts started from Sundara kanda, the entire Sundara kanda is dedicated to his courageous acts throughout his journey to Lanka. In Mahabharata, Hanuman only appears in Vana parva to subdue Bhima's ego.	YesMahabharathaHanuman swami lies in front of bheema. He blocks the way for hanuman. And they understand they are brothers. Hanumanjis mouth was burnt when he was flied towards sunRamayanaHanumanji finds sri rama from thrikooda parvath. He helps to find and goes toward south. And go to lanka. Give ring to seetha ji burned lankaI Understood Ramayan and Sanskrit Should be read in details. I have still more to improve knowledge in both these books	Hanuman Ji is blessed with a boon that he will be Amar. Which means he doesn't die ever and stays on earth to help mankind to evolve from monkey consciousness to human consciousness.	
Who was the more powerful Meghnath Bhishma Pitamah or Parushram	Absolutely Parashuram(Lord Vishnu : sanchalak of the 14 worlds but defeated by Lord Rama (by himself), battle tied with bhisma with the interference of Lord shiva ) is the strongest immortal. Bhishma (cursed one among the 8 vasus because they stole kamadenu ) is second but dead. Meganath is astrologically strong born asura brahmin incarnation but Killed by Laxman (his father in law-adi seshu).	Kaala (time) is more powerful than any other, it can make Vishnu avatara like Parashuram loose battle against his own disciple (Bhishma). It can also make Arjuna(Jishnu - amsa of Vishnu + grandson of Bhishma) winning battle against Bhishma. If it(time) is not favoring it can make great fighter like Arjuna losing against cheap bandits in the jungle.	All three were great in their times, each one have proved and excelled themselves.Here it can be considered that Bhishma is powerful because he defeated parashurama.	
Who are the four chiranjives immortals in Mahabharata one is Aswathama	Maharaja Bali ,Sage Vyasa, Hanuman, Vibheeshan,Kripacharya and Parashu Rama .Aswathama is already mentioned by you.The seven are chiranjeevis ,says one Sanskrit shloka.	
Who provides divine weapons to Karna	Karna firstly trained by Drona, so some of his divine weapons were given by Drona.After Drona's denial of Brahmastra, Karna went to Parashuram were he got Brahmastra, Bhargavasthra and Vijay bow.Karna got Indrasthra from Indra after trading his Kavach and Kundal.After training from Parashuram, Karna consider himself as great and stopped learning. So other than above 3 person's no other person ever given any weapons to Karna.While Arjun was always wanted to have more and more knowledge, so for life long, he made many people as his teacher and learnt from them.Because of Arjun's hunger for knowledge, he got knowledge from Krupacharya, Dronacharya, Surya, Gandharva, Indra, Agni, Vayu, Varuna…….. ( from every devtas)Lord Shiv and Lord Krishna were also teacher's of Arjun.	There is no specialty for Karna to get divine weapons from somebody other than Guru (teacher). He was taught by Drona along with the princess of Kuru clan and Drona taught Brahmastra only to Arjuna and he even refused to teach the same for Aswathama. On persistence by his son, he taught only release but he did not teach him withdrawal. In the same manner he refused to teach brahmastra to other princess and Karna also.Karna learnt Brahmastra from Parashurama posing himself as Brahmin.Indra gave a weapon named Shakti in exchange for his congenital Kavach and Kundal.I am mentioning about Arjuna here as he got divine weapons from persons and entities other than his guru. He got Pashupatham from Lord Shiva, got Narayanasthra from Lord Krishna, other divine weapons from Indra and he gained knowledge from everyone he encountered and when he found them wise and knowledgeable.So not only Karna, everybody got divine weapons only from their guru except Arjuna in Mahabharat.	Karna was trained by Shree parshuram and was tought by himOne instance where indradev comes as brahmin and askes karna for dakshina in dakshina he askes for kavach and kundal of karna in returnes he offered daivi shakti weapons which he can use only once	Lord parusurama people believe he is the avatar of Vishnu gave all sastras and astras to Karna except vaishnavastra and pasupata Astra and Karna get vasavi shakthi from indra and nagastra it self takshak son.	Lord parashurama trained him in each and every divine weapon that there was to be used in war, he duly instructed him in its use and withdrawl as well.	Karna is the student of the Lord parashuram. By birth , he got shield from his father Lord Surya. A few divine weapons from Parashuram.	
What is the real name of Duryodhan	You can pronounce the name Duryodhan or Duryodhana. In the North of India they usually chop off the “a” and in the south then love the “a” and pronounce it fully, sometimes even adding an “m” after the “a.”Dur means “very or extremely hard or bad or evil.”Yodhana in that context means “fight”“One with whom the fight is very hard” or “Hard fight.” “Invincible.”His original name was Suyodhana. Su in this connection means “excellent or beautiful.” Suyodhana means “a great warrior experienced in battle.”Yodhana means in this context “hard to combat.”	
Who was the person responsible for Bhishma s death	Bhishma himself was responsible for his death as he died after MB war as per his will.Who was responsible for his defeat?Arjuna was responsible for his defeat as only he was capable of doing it. Shikandi arrows were not doing much damage and Bhishma was fighting others including Arjuna and even destroying their army but avoiding Shikandi. So, just dropping weapon on seeing Shikandi is misconception. He did fight even after that and a fierce battle between both armies on assisting Shikandi and saving Bhishma happened.But It was his own retirement plan. He and Yudhishthir planned it and it got executed Via Arjuna. To understand this grand farewell read this answer.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to What is the exact manner of Bhishma's defeat at the hands of Arjuna?	Reason is himself.Bhishma was blindly loving his father Shaantanu and gave his first preference to his father instead of his motherland. He blindly promised to Satyavati's father that he will make Satyavati's son as king of Hastinapur without knowing the ability of unborn son.Second reason was, he insulted Amba by kidnapping her, which resulted in the form of Shikandi.Third reason was, his silence towards crimes committed by Duryodan.Fourth reason was, his silence towards disrobing Draupadi.Due to above reasons, he was ashamed of himself and wanted punishment for his crimes.Bhishma wanted death in hands of Krishna or Arjun.Arjun was never a reason of Bhishma's death.	During the Kurukshetra war, Arjuna used Shikandi as a shield and shot arrows at Bhishma piercing his entire body. Shikandi was a reincarnation of Amba.Amba was the eldest daughter of King of Kashi who considered Bhishma as the reason for her misfortune and thus her sole aim in life was Bhishma's destruction. She was given a boon by Mahadev that she would be the cause of Bhishma's death. Hence Amba was reborn as Shikandi.However Bhishma was given a boon by his father that he could choose his time of death thus making it impossible for anybody to kill him. Thus Arjuna could only use Shikandi and demolish Bhishma to a bed of arrows but could not kill him.Bhishma himself choose the time of his death i.e. the auspicious day of Uttarayana.Hope this helps.Thank you!!Karthika Nair.	Bhishma himself was responsible for his death. Dharma gives every one full righr to protect himself from anyone be it man woman eunuch animal. God knows why bhishma did such a stupid thing.	
Why did Krishna help Arjuna in Mahabharata	Because Arjuna was Lord Krishna’ s devotee and a friend. This is mentioned by Lord Krishna Himself n Gita, Chapter 4, Sloka 3 as:sa evayam maya te 'dyayogah proktah puratanahbhakto 'si me sakha cetirahasyam hy etad uttamamTRANSLATIONThat very ancient science of the relationship with the Supreme is today told by Me to you because you are My devotee as well as My friend; therefore you can understand the transcendental mystery of this science.PURPORTThere are two classes of men, namely the devotee and the demon. The Lord selected Arjuna as the recipient of this great science owing to his becoming the devotee of the Lord, but for the demon it is not possible to understand this great mysterious science. There are a number of editions of this great book of knowledge, and some of them have commentaries by the devotees, and some of them have commentaries by the demons. Commentation by the devotees is real, whereas that of the demons is useless. Arjuna accepts Sri Krsna as the Supreme Personality of Godhead, and any commentary on the Gita following in the footsteps of Arjuna is real devotional service to the cause of this great science. The demonic, however, concoct something about Krsna and mislead the public and general readers from the path of Krsna's instructions. One should try to follow the disciplic succession from Arjuna, and thus be benefitted.	Many people ask why krishna not told gita to duryodhana if he did so then war could be avoided. So the answer is when he approached duryodhana and start telling him that he is doing wrong then duryodhana replied O krishna do you think i do not know what is right or wrong. I know what i am doing is wrong but my nature compel me to do so.But in case of arjuna when he was lamenting in mid of battle field ,how can he fight with his teachers , brothers he said O krishna tell me what is right and wrong .And that's why he helped arjuna because he ask for it.	Lord krishna helped his own kingdom by helping arjuna who in turn had helped him by removing krishna’s greatest foe jaradandha…it was give and take…krishna only met arjuja during draupadi’s swayamvar probably fr the first.time	God help those who seek him.At previous birth Arjun was Nara and Krishna was Narayana ,they are brothers.	
What is the next birth of Arjuna	Krishna said that He knows all the births of Arjuna. Arjuna was the sage Nara who was associated with sage Narayana. The sage Narayana was a human form charged by God. But due to the repulsion between common media of human bodies and subsequent ego and jealousy, the sage Nara could not recognize fully the sage Narayana and the sage Nara was treating the sage Narayana as his friend only (Sakhya Bhakti). The same attitude continued when Narayana became Krishna and Nara became Arjuna. Arjuna worshipped Lord Shiva through penance to get the divine weapon called Pashupatastram to win the war and he was not having full confidence in Krishna since he was treating Krishna as a human being with some limited divine powers only. In those days divine power was not a big thing since even Arjuna had several divine weapons, which were having the miraculous super powers. For such incomplete faith of Arjuna, Krishna told Arjuna that he would not fight with any weapon in the war.It is an indirect hint to Arjuna about his incomplete faith in Him since Arjuna tried for the grace of Lord Shiva while Lord Krishna was already present before his eyes. Krishna means that since Arjuna is having the divine weapon from Lord Shiva, there is no need for Him to participate in the war. Arjuna could not understand this sense in the statement of Krishna. Arjuna approached Krishna not as a devotee but as a student only treating Krishna as a human Guru but not as Satguru or God in human form (Shishyah teham…Gita). Further, Arjuna asked Krishna that how Krishna taught Yoga to god Sun because Krishna was recently born. Further, he asked for the proof of cosmic vision.Even after all this, on the last day of the war he did not get down from the chariot before Krishna gets down and this shows the attitude of Arjuna to Krishna as a human being only. The result of all this incomplete faith was that Arjuna went to heaven for some time after death he returned back to the earth and was born as a hunter called as Kannappa. He continued with the same worship to Lord Shiva in that birth also. He sacrificed his eyes for the Lord in the test. This shows that he gives full value to God and the only problem is in finding out the correct address of the Lord due to repulsion between common media. Then he went to the abode of Lord Shiva and could not worship Shiva there also due to the same repulsion of common media because he was also in the same energetic body as that of Lord Shiva. Shiva in meditation gives an impression that he is meditating upon the formless God called Brahman.All the devotees there are again misled by this Maya and neglect Shiva due to the repulsion of common media and meditate upon the formless Brahman only. These souls in the earth neglect the human form of God and worship the energetic form as greater than the human form. But the same souls in the upper world neglect the energetic form of God and meditate upon the formless God as greater than the energetic form. Hence, the disease of repulsion of common media is common to both earth and upper world. Even the souls in the divine energetic bodies called as Devas are subjected to this powerful illusion of neglecting the common form before eyes and loving the unavailable form which is not before eyes. This is stated in Veda (Paroksha Priyaa Ivahi Devah Pratyaksha Dvishah).Veda also says that God is before the eyes of the souls existing either in the earth or in the upper world since God takes the same common form as His medium (Yat Sakshat Aparokshat Brahma). When divine bodies are not exceptions to this great illusion, what to speak of human beings? Indra neglected even Lord Shiva due to the same principle of repulsion between common energetic bodies and was made stand still by a single look of Shiva. If that is the case of Indra to the energetic incarnation, what about his attitude towards God in a lower human body like Krishna? Therefore, Arjuna also worshipped formless Brahman in the upper world and his devotion to Shiva was subsided completely by this new form of devotion. He was born as Swami Vivekananda on the earth with the formless devotion and his next birth will be an atheist.A devotee of formless Brahman is easily trapped by misconceived Advaita and will conclude that the formless Brahman is his own self. Therefore, the next step will be only atheism. But the Lord wanted to save him because the Lord was very much pleased with his basic sacrifice for God in the previous birth. The Lord wanted that this soul should get the proper address of God since the value for God is there already in climax. He was then dragged to Shri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa who was a simultaneous human incarnation in the time of Sai Baba and Akkalkot Maharaj. Shri Paramahamsa praised him as Lord Narayana in the human form. This is the special style of Datta in preaching. When He wants to preach a fellow with ego, He will reverse the concept to Himself and the meaning of that statement is that Shri Paramahamsa was Lord Narayana in human form.No body has understood the real sense of that statement including Narendra. Swami Vivekananda was called as Narandra, which means Nara (Arjuna) who is the son of Indra. He led all his life as an Advaita philosopher only. He treated Paramahamsa as his master or human guru only. The Advaita Philosophy can be used to develop confidence and to come out of stress for which the God is pleased like a father-Doctor seeing his child claiming as a doctor. One can feel that he is God and develop confidence in self. Krishna told that Arjuna is Himself i.e., God (Pandavanam Dhanamjayah). This statement aims at building up the self-confidence in Arjuna, which was lost by tension and grief. One can come out of stress feeling that this world is unreal and that he is God.But one should not really believe this and practice it. If the child claiming as doctor starts performing surgery to a patient, the same father will become furious because the life of a human being is spoiled. Especially in the case of Advaita Philosopher, the other spoiled soul is another issue of God only because the advaita philosopher is misleading several innocent souls. Shri Paramahamsa told that He would open the brain of Narendra in the end only because such confidence and stress relief have to be given to the world through Narendra. At the end Shri Paramahamsa opened the brain of this soul. In the last days, Narendra sat near Him and thought whether his guru was really God. Shri Paramahamsa immediately looked at him and said, “I am the Rama and the Krishna”. Narendra realized that He was the human incarnation and fell on His feet. He became the liberated soul by attaining the full salvation from ego and jealousy rising due to repulsion between common media.Actually, according to Puranas, there were 63 well-known devotees of Lord Shiva. There is a story about "Thinna(Thinnadu)". Thinna is one of the 63 devotees of Lord Shiva. This Thinna is nothing but Arjuna of Pandavas. Another birth or incarnation of Arjuna is Thinna.Once upon a time, Arjuna was performing a great penance for Lord Shiva. Shiva was pleased with Arjuna's devotion and his penance and wanted to test him. Shiva sent a wild boar(a wild pig) to disturb penance of Arjuna. Arjuna lost patience and got angry with that boar and shot an arrow at the wild boar, at the same Lord Shiva in the form of hunter also shot the same boar with an arrow. Then there was a clash between both Shiva and Arjuna and finally, Shiva impressed with Arjuna's efforts and showed him his real form. Lord Shiva allowed Arjuna to ask two boons.Two boons: a) First one is Pashupata Astra, Shiva told Arjuna that this Pashupata Astra can be allowed to use once, after that it would return to Lord Shiva.b) The second one is Moksha, Arjuna asked Shiva for Moksha in this birth itself but Shiva refused and said Moksha would not be granted in this birth because you asked weapon to kill your relatives(Kauravas) in this birth, so you have to take one more birth and to get Moksha to reach Lord Shiva.According to the second boon, Arjuna got second birth, that is none other than Thinna to NathaNatha and Tendai couple.Once Thinna was hunting in the forest near Sri Kalahasti, he founded wild boar and hunted it. Thinna roasted that wild boar. He thought he has to wash his legs before going to eat that pork(roasted meat of boar). He went on to search for water but on his way, he found one Shivling which was decorated with flowers. He thought no one has fed Shiva for a long time. So he wanted to feed Shiva with his roasted pork. Again he thought like this "will Shiva eat without bath??". So he went to the pond and brought water with his mouth because he has pork in his hands. Using his slippers he removed all the decorated flowers from Shivling. He then poured water from his mouth on Shivling and brought flowers and leaves and decorated Shivling with them. After that, he offered pork to Shiva and that was eaten by Shiva. Thinna used to do in the same way every day."Now one doubt will come why Shiva ate the pork offered by Thinna". For this, there was one story. Once upon a time, there were demons called Sundara Sriras. They performed great penance to Shiva and asked for Moksha. Shiva told them that they will reborn as animals in this forest and when any hunter would hunt them and offered that meat to Shiva, then he would eat that meat nothing but bodies of those demons. Then they will get Moksha. That's why Shiva ate that roasted pork offered by Thinna.Coming to the original story, At the time of Thinna living, there was one brahmin living called Shivagochara. Shivagochara came to know that Shiva was offered meat and he was worshipped with water taken with mouth and removal of flowers with slippers. He thought this worship was worst and felt sad, so decided to take suicide without bearing that sadness. He started beating his head on Shivling then a voice came from Shivling and said stop doing that and hide and wait here. So he hid at the back of Shivling.After some time as usually, Thinna came with roasted pork and water in his mouth and fowler on his head and started worshipping. After he finished the decoration, he offered pork to Shiva but Shiva did not eat pork. Thinna felt sad and thought why Shiva was refusing his Naivedhya today. Then he saw at Shivling, he observed that blood is coming from one eye of Shivling. Quickly Thinna plucked his one eye and placed at the eye of Shivling where blood was coming. After that blood was coming from another eye, so Thinna was going to pluck his second eye but stopped and thought if "I could pluck another eye also then I would become completely blind and I am not able to see where to place the second eye". So Thinna placed his leg on the second eye of Shivling where blood was coming to know the exact placement to put the eye and started to pluck his second eye. Suddenly Shiva appeared in front of him for his great devotion and restored two eyes back to him and removed his half-blindness.Shivagochara who was seeing all this from the back side of Shivling was astonished and not able to believe the great devotion of Thinna.Then Shiva named Thinna as Kannappa. Kannappa means the person who offered his eye(Kannu) to another person.Note: In Telugu, the meaning of the eye is Kannu, Kannappa offered his Kannu so he is regarded as great Bhakta Kannappa.So finally, Arjuna is nothing but the great "Bhakta Kannappa".	Everyone would have heard the story of Kannappa Nainar, a tribesman who was a strong devotee of Lord shiva.It is heard that Arjuna was born as Kannappa , as a tribesman, in his next birth. One day kannappa while roaming around, has seen shivaling and became attracted to it. Then he started brining water, meats to shivaling everyday - cleaned the premises and submit them to shiva and prayed to him. This happened everyday. Meanwhile, poojari of the temple, later coming to the temple everyday, cleaned the place which has meats (by kannappa) and did pooja with flowers and fruits. Lord shiva decided to test kannappa devotion. one day there was blood flowing from one eye of the shivaling - kannappa tried his best to stop but could not - at last he plucked his eye and put in the place of the eye which bleeded. The blood flow stopped.Now blood has started to flow from other eye. Trying in vein all he has known, he decided to pluck another eye - but he thought a while on how to locate the eye of shivaling which was bleeing, after removing his only eye. Hence, he decided and put his left leg finger in the location of bleeding eye in shivaling, and then tried to pluck his eye. Seeing his strong and selfishless devotion, Lord shiva appeared before him , praised him and granted him mukthi. He then called as Kannappa nainar. This is the story of Arjuna in his next birth - as Kannappa Nainar.	Yes he h a next birth!!!!!!!!. his name is thinnai in next birth.	They will come again when the humanity needs them and fight against all evil with their will and desire to do good as well as with there penances of billions of years.	Arjuna was born as Kannappa Nayanar in his next birth.Source:Kannappa Nayanar - Wikipedia	
Who is stronger Abhimanyu or Vrishasena	Thanks for A2AI think Abhimanyu was leagues ahead of Vrishasena as a warrior.Stronger in the sense of warriorship I consider. Physical might need not be discussed in this case since both of them as per the Epic mainly excelled in archery though they got trained in the usage of other weapons also. Specially Abhimanyu was adept in fighting with all other weapons.I don’t demean Vrishasena’s caliber but Abhimanyu’s performance was far better and stands too high for Vrishasena to reach ,leave alone surpassing ..impossible!Bhishma’s assessmentExcerpt“mighty-armed Abhimanyu is a leader of leaders of car-divisions. Indeed, that slayer of foes is equal in battle to Partha himself or Vasudeva. Endued with great lightness of hand in shooting weapons, and acquainted with all the modes of warfare, he is possessed of great energy and is steady in the observance of vows. “Bhishma regarded Abhimanyu as equal to Arjuna and Krishna. That speaks a lot about Abhimanyu’s worth. He proved Bhishma right on 13 th day by destroying chakravyuha and defeating the maharathis of Duryothana.Bhishma on VrishasenaExcerpt“Vrishasena, the son of Karna, is one of thy foremost of car-warriors and is a Maharatha. That foremost of mighty men will consume the troops of thy enemy.”Bhishma categorised Vrishasena under Maharathas. And certainly Vrishasena proved he was a warrior to reckon with.Abhimanyu verses Vrishasena.The thirteenth day battle definitely answered the question.When Abhimanyu faced VrishasenaThe son, of Arjuna, encompassed on all sides by those enemies with crowds of cars, slew the charioteer of Vrishasena and also cut off his bow. And the mighty Abhimanyu then pierced Vrishasena's steeds with his straight shafts, upon which those coursers, with the speed of the wind, bore Vrishasena away from the battle.So this was how Abhimanyu made Vrishasena leave by cutting his bow and steeds.Vrishasena was a good warrior but not on par with Abhimanyu who could tackle multiple warriors together with ease and confidence.Vrishasena was one among the protective wing of Jayathratha on 14 th day but he could not do much ..He did harass Nakula on 17 th day before he was killed by Arjuna in Karna’s presence.Ofcourse TV shows like Surya putra Karna tried their best to show Vrishasena as invincible and Abhimanyu as inferior to him.Truth is something else. It is highly depressing to even compare Vrishasena with Abhimanyu who defeated Drona,Karna,Salya,Vrihadbala,Duryothana,Dussasana…none was spared on that crucial day.Arjuna’s son stood far higher in strength and valour what to say of Vrishasena, Stalwarts could not defeat him in a fair fight.Apart from Arjuna no other warrior of both sides tackled multiple warriors and won like Abhimanyu did. He was not in the league of Vrishasena or Karna. He was far ahead…FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of MahabharataKisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationDrona Parv CXLIIUdyoga Parv CxXXI	Dear Arun Sagar, Thanks for A2A,There is no doubt that Vrishsena was a great warrior but not at par with Abhimanyu. He was a tremendous warrior and from day one was creating havoc in the Kaurava forces. This new trend of comparing them has been started by some people who raise points like Abhimanyu only doing well on 13th day. Some attribute it to his Gandarva weapon of illusion and some even say he was killed alone by Dushshana son. But both are wrong points. First of all Gandarva weapon was legal to be used. Many warriors used weapons of illusion and were countered by others. Secondly, this shows Abhimanyu having a stronger weapon and third that even before using it he already had destroyed the entry and had defeated karna. He had defeated Dushshana and others too. So, even by that account he had already proven his power.Abhimanyu performance in the formation needs no introduction or story telling. He nearly destroyed them all and such was his fury that karna had to rush to Drona for solution and Drona said he couldn’t be beaten with bow in his hand.Even when he was on foot he was able to kill so many warriors with just club and destroy Ashwathama chariot. He was creating havoc with so many injuries and warriors fighting him. He also rushed towards Dushshana son and then he came and both fell down. He rose up and then hit Abhimanyu. MB clearly says he died because of exhaution and he was slayed by many. Crediting it to a single duel with Dushshana son is folly and similar to a situation when a team had to chase 500 in odi and other players made centuries and while chasing ran out. when only one run was left last wicket came and hit that run. Now, instead of giving Man of the match to others we give it to the person who just scored the winning single run.Abhimanyu earlier defeated Jayadratha in sword fight too and had been in many group fights.Vrishsena was not that much dangerous and he never reached those heights. Abhimanyu has been compared with Krishna and Arjuna frequently.Other point is that Abhimanyu as per MB did not receive education in womb but learned it from Arjuna. He was alone in his army except Arjuna, Krishna (pradyumna also) who knew to enter the formation. He must be exceptional to learn Gandarva weapon and other arts from his father in short time as Arjuna was mostly away form him. He was already doing great in war and that is the reason that Yudhisthir turned to him on 13 day as only one who could save them. It was not just knowledge of Chakravyuha but his earlier performances which created that confidence.and This is when Abhimanyu faced Vrishsena to prove who was strongerThe son, of Arjuna, encompassed on all sides by those enemies with crowds of cars, slew the charioteer of Vrishasena and also cut off his bow. And the mighty Abhimanyu then pierced Vrishasena's steeds with his straight shafts, upon which those coursers, with the speed of the wind, bore Vrishasena away from the battle.When karna was defeated by him twice in the formation and his brother died while protecting him comparing him to Vrishsen it itself a sort of insult to his valor. Abhimanyu was far ahead than him.SourceBORI CE as translated by bibek debroy.	First you have to see what the two of them achieved.Abhimanyu (before day 13) attacked in group Drona, Bhishma, Bhagadatta and Karna but in each group attack he made he lost.Vrishasena was attacked in a group by warriors such as Bhima, Satyaki, Yudhisthira, Nakula, Sahadeva, Satanika, Upapandavas and Shikhandi but survived their rivals. Even Bhima was afraid of Vrishasena to the point of asking Arjuna to kill him but Arjuna attacked him in a group weakening him and then fighting individually against him and killing him; that shows that Vrishasena was a great warrior.Of course, Abhimanyu defeated warriors like Drona, Karna and even Vrishasena but with a blessing of invincibility, Brahma's armor and a divine bow called Raudra; so that Abhimanyu's performance is ruled out.Bhagadatta defeated Abhimanyu several times although Abhimanyu attacked him as a group, but Arjuna easily killed Bhagadatta (but with a divine chariot, Krishna used illusions against his enemies, Hanuman weakened his enemies, two unlimited quivers and Lord Shiva fought for Arjuna) but Arjuna had to kill Vrishasena by attacking him in a group and killing him when the latter was tired. So it is most likely that Vrishasena is stronger than Abhimanyu.	
Why did Gandhari curse the Vrishnis to get destroyed after 36 years	During the war between Pandavas and Kauravas, everyone paid the price.Dhritharastra and Gandhari – Lost all their sons and had to live under the care of Pandavas until they retire to the forest.Kunti – Lost a son in the hands of another son.Subhadra – Lost her one and only son. Her Grandson died and resurrected.Draupadi – Lost her father, brothers & sons.Pandavas – Lost their sons, elders, teacher, cousins, friends, relatives and the army.Kauravas – TOTAL LOSS.We are missing someone, isn’t it?Someone who proclaimed to be the Beginning, Follow-up and Ending of the war.Someone who Lost 1 Akshauhini army in the war that fought by the Kaurava side.Someone who scripted victory for the Pandavas with exceptional schemes and outstanding skill of moral sciences.Someone whose sons are alive, friends are alive, relatives and members of the clan are alive after the war.Yes, your guess is correct. It’s HIM.TIME heals all wounds. TIME makes all amends. TIME leaves no one.18 days of war between 2 sides for morality.18 x 2 = 36 years of peace.TIME settled the arrears by prompting Gandhari to curse the Vrishinis.ALL ACCOUNTS CLOSED.	
Who was Vidura s wife and how many children did he have	Sulabha i.e. Vidur’s wifeVidura was raised and educated by Bhishma as the half-brother of Dhritarashtra and Pandu. However, since neither of his parents were of the royal blood, he was made counselor to his brothers, the kings, rather than a king himself. When Satyavati asked about her grandchildren's strengths, Bhishma praised Dhristarashtra's strength, Pandu's military prowess, and Vidura's intellect. When time came for a crown prince to be chosen, it was Vidura who brings up the elephant in the room-namely that despite being older, Dhritarashtra's blindness made him an unfit king. Vidura then supported Pandu's election to the kingship, much to the relief of Hastinapur's prime minister. Despite knowing that he was right, and even agreeing with the verdict, Dhritarashtra held a little bit of resentment towards Vidura for this incident.Upon Pandu's abdication and the blind Dhritarashtra's succession, Vidura took on the reins of government for all practical purposes, guiding his brother's government until Duryodhana came of age, when he was consigned to a secondary role.In some versions, it is believed that Vidura is elder to Dhritarashtra and Pandu, for when Bhishma asked Vidura for counsel on the marriages of the three princes, he indicated in order the brides for Vidura - a Yadava girl, Dhritharashtra - Gandhari and Pandu - Kunti, in the order of precedence accorded by age. According to this version, Ambika initially sent a maid in her place out of fear of Vyasa, and the sage perceiving an act designed by destiny for some greater purpose, blesses her with a son, making Vidura an incarnation of Dharma instead of the Mitra-Varuna pair. This event is considered to be a major transition from the Vedic to the Upanishad age. Contemporary translators, however have ignored this due to transcreations. Ambalika later was persuaded to present herself to Vyasa, but turned pale and gave birth to Pandu, as recounted above.Barring Krishna, Vidura was most respected as an adviser by the Pandavas.	
Who ruled America and the other foreign countries at the time of Ramayana and the Mahabharata	These places were called atala, vitala, sutala, talatala, rasatala, mahatala and patala. Ruled by the several kingdoms of Bharathavarsha!Ive heard mention of these names in many stories by my great grandparents when I was young. And also in many epic black/white movies of south India. Not a googled search..99.99% of the worlds population will not buy or believe in this, as the world is westernised and all intellect masses believe and swear by the theory that civilisation began only 2000* yrs ago after Jesus was born. Everything before him was just Romans, Persians, Greeks etc..Althouh these names are also attributed as lower chakras of a human body after Muladhara chakra.	Dhanishtha De has already answered the question.I would like to tell only one thing that Ramayana and Mahabharata speak about history.History of the world which exists on the earth.History of the religeous thoughts.History of social customes.History of the science.History of all histories.So no one in Ramayana ruled and only westerners in Mahabharata were ruling who were the descendents of Turvasu the son of Yayati and Devyani.Edit::— Yayati married with Devyani the daughter of Shukracharya and had two sons named Yadu and Turvasu.Yayati also had three sons from Sharmistha the daughter of the demon king and had three sons, named as Druhyu, Anu and Puru.Turvasu became king of all those who did not care for Varnas.While Yadu became king of Yadvas clan organized as Vrishni and Andhakas.Puru was born from Yayati and Sharmishtha who ruled Hastinapur which was established by Haasti later on.	At that time, almost the whole world was a single continent, known as Bharatvarsha. So the kings who existed at that time may have ruled that province. There is no specification, though.	It is said that goddess Durga killed Vidalaksh in USA. Now you can understand. There were not only human but devils nd dieties were spread all over the world.	
In the Mahabharata War who died on day 13	On the 13th day of the Mahabharat War, many soldiers or warriors ( be it Padatik, Gajarohi, Ashwarohi or Rathi ) died.One of the most important was Abhimanyu. He was trapped inside the Chakravyuha and killed surrounded by seven warriors.	On the 13th day many of the soldiers died on either side. Shakuni’s brother was killed in the hands of abhimanyu and later abhimanyu was killed by kauravas.	
Why did Duryodhana fought in Kurukshetra when he knew that Krishna portrayed as a god in the text is with Pandavas	For a doubting soul there is happiness neither in this world nor in the next ( BG 4.40).Duryodhana had no faith in Krishna that’s why he could not win the battle. Lord Krishna is so merciful that He gives everybody a chance to become His devotee. But Human beings are so much entrapped in materialistic desires that they cannot understand the divine mercy of lord and runs behind materialistic desires. Duryodhana also did that. Krishna gave chance to Duryodhana also. He first asked Duryodhana whether He wants Krishna on his side or the Narayani Sena in battle. Then Duryodhana take the whole Narayani Sena of Krishna on his side in the war.Then Krishna told to Arjuna-Haar nischit hai Teri, hare dam Rahega Udaas,Makhan Duryodhan le Gaya , Keval chach bachi tere paas.means Arjuna can not win the battle as Duryodhana has taken all the Narayani Sena and Arjuna was left only with Krishna on His side.Then Arjuna said-Jeet nischit hai meri, daas ho nahi sakta udaas,Makhan le kar kya karoon , jab Makhanchor hai mere paasmeans Arjuna did not repent for the Narayani Sena as He knew that when lord Krishna was with him then nobody could defeat him. Lord Krishna as a Supreme Personality of Godhead is so powerful that the whole Narayani Sena who was on the side of Duryodhana could not defeat Him. Not only the whole Sena but the whole universe cannot be compared to lord Krishna as it is written in Bhagwad Gita where Arjuna says to Krishna-BG 11.43 You are the father of this complete cosmic manifestation, the worshippable chief, the spiritual master. No one is equal to you, nor can anyone be one with you. Within the three world, you are immmeasurable .	Duryodhana wanted war , he rejects giving Pandavas there rights and invites war . Krishana makes the war grand under the name of dharm yudh .Dryodhana was very positive to win the war against weaker pandavas , with Bhisma , Drona and Karna on his side . He doesnt treat Krishna to be divine and fights on line of dharma .By the end of the war Kauravas indeed loose but Pandvas have nothing left to rejoice.	You are comparing Duryodhana with current age peoples. Most of the population at that time (male and female also) were too much powerful by their meditation and physically also.Do you think that we are like or capable as Duryodhana, Bhishma, Dronacharya. Even they were on wrong side , but we can not compare them with us.	
What is the name of Draupadi s father in the Assamese language	Draupadi’s father in Assamese is Dhrupad (ধ্রুপদ ). Hope that finds you well.Thanks :))	
How many days do Pandavas spent Agyatvas	Virata Parva, also known as the “Book of Virata”, is the fourth of eighteen books of the Indian Epic Mahabharata. Virata Parva has 4 sub-books and 72 chapters.It discusses the 13th year of exile which the Pandavas must spend incognito to avoid another 12 years of exile in the forest. They do so in the court of Virata. They assume a variety of concealed identities. Yudhishthira assumes the identity of game entertainer to the king and calls himself Kanka, Bhima of a cook Ballava, Arjuna teaches dance and music as enuch Brihannala and dresses as a woman, Nakula tends horses as Granthika, Sahadeva herds cows as Tantipala, and Draupadi maids as Sairandhri to queen Shudeshna.	For a start, Ved Vyas did not mention the exact date of Pandavaa’s departure. When Arjuna came for war in Virat Parva, Bheshmaa said it is 5 months more than the required duration taking into consideration if adhika maasaas (extra months as per moon calendar), Duryodhan has taken 3 Leap year days also in consideration. As a coincidence Pandavas emerged from incognito on the third day because Arjuna remained as Bruhannala further three days after the war.Something which is divine and cannot be manipulated by human beings. because Duryodhana’s calculation is correct. But how can he argue with elders? So, it is 3 days less to one year.PS. In one Telugu movie, Narthanasaala, Arjuna says “Today is Dasami. VIjayadasami.”	The Pandavas spent one year in Agyatvas. Although the Kauravas contended that the Pandavas blew their cover when Arjun fought in the Virat Yudh. However, the calculations made by learned men of the time did not agree with the Kauravas’ calculations. So, as per the Mahabharata, they spent one year in Agyatvas.	After Dharmaraya lost in the Dice game, pandavas were condemned to 12 years of exile into forests and a year to be spent in Agnathavaasa.The total years was 13 years including Agnathavaasa.	Actually 14 years in detail they spent 13 years of vanvas and 1 year of agyatvas.	
Who is the author of Odia Mahabharat	Author of Odia Mahabharat is Adikabi Sarala Das .You can get the ref from wiki .	
Why do people say that Karna defeated Pradyumna and Satyaki during his digvijay When Satyaki alone defeated karna at least half a dozen times during Kurukshetra	winning / loosing a war doesnt make out any permanent status in any profession . Abhimanyu too had defeated many warriors on the battle field but dies valiant death .Bhima too was defeated by Jarasandha but eventually killed him by tearing him apart . Duryodhana too was undef eatable in mace fighting but was injured .Arjuna defeated all Kaurava warriors at Virat yudh , but was unable to defeat Bhisma , Drona and Karna in one to one battle and needed treachery to defeat the above warriorsBhisma too was never defeated by any powers but is injured by Shikhandi .Krishna is lord of universe and un-defeatable by any means yet is killed by meager forest hunter .Arjuna is best archer and won many wars but is unable to defeat ordinary robbers during his visit to Dwarka to bring back all Dwarka residents to Hastinapur .Just like in sports , a superstar feels miserable on bad day and looses to weak opponents .	First of all Karna Digvijay is itself dubious. Most of the part have been cut by BORI. What Bori says he conquered some Kingdoms and nothing more. yes, Dhrit does blabber about his victories which are itself doubtful as he mentions Karna beating Gandhar and Bahalika. Why would he beat and bring Gandhar and Bahalika ? It is unbelievable that karna went to defeat Shakuni and Bahalika clan who were already close allies and blood relatives of Kauravas and that too when Duryodhana was not doing Rajsuya? Hastinapur was already established unlike Yudhishthir new kingdom and he needed to get approval. Even in his approach we see Bhima not fighting shishupal etc who accepted him as emperor.Here Karna does a Digvijay and all are under his control but still Pandavas get allies immediately after it and karna who had conquered dwarka , Duryodhana goes to take help from Krsihna.What is funny that whenever Yadavsa resisted Hastinapur they won. Balarama alone was able to threathen them. Pradyumna alone captured Karna, Bhishma and all as per Harivamsha.Now, those who discredit Harivamsha and Bhagwat then also in MB everytime karna brags , people ask him question what did he achieve?Had karna defeated Pradyumna etc would he not state that? He was not silent person or humble person either as he was bragging out his power a lot. and the way he lost to Satyaki it does seem he would have then matched yadavas with other warriors aiding him. Salwa does fire a salvo once on Yadavas but on his planes in absence of Krishna.	It is not so.Satyaki and Pradyumna rather received Karna without actually fighting.Though much detail is not available of Digvijaya of Karna in the Mahabharata, yet as I have answered at some other place that this Karna who goes on Digvijay seems to be a Karna of different purpose.When After Digvijaya of Karna was over, Duryodhana was going to do some Rajsuya type of Yajna but the Brahmana stopped him saying when Dhritrastra and Yudhisthira both are alive, Duryodhana can not do The Rajsuya but in place of that he could perform Vaishnava yajna and this was followed.This means that in the absence of Lord Krishna and Balramji, Satyaki and Pradyumna were not probably authorized to enter into the war or peace.And Brahmana when said no to Rajsuya yajna by Duryodhana, they indirectly meant to say that legally Yudhisthira is the doer of the Rajsuya yajna which he had done and winning in the Dice game is not proper authority for winning their Kingdom and this also shows no extra gain to Karna after havjng Dwarika with the peace.What had been spoken by Lord Krishna in the forest of Kurujangaal with Pandavas is authentic because after that Duryodhana assigned his kingdom in the shelter of Dronacharya and Dronacharya accepted this to defend the kingdom in the no knowledge of Dhritrastra.	
What are all the astras and other weapons did Karna have in the Mahabharata age	According to many fake TV serials, Karna hadMass destruction weapons likeBrahmanda Astra.BrahmashiraBrahmastraPashupathastraRudra AstraBhargav AstraVaishnav AstraNarayan AstraOther weapons likeIndrastraNagastraAgni AstraVarunVayuParvastastraOther small Astra's......But according to Authentic versions, Karna had —-Mass destruction weapons likeBrahmastraBhargav AstraKarna didn't had Brahmanda Astra, Brahmashira, Pashupathastra, Rudraastra, Vaishnav and Narayan Astra.Karna had Other weapons likeIndrastraNagastraAgni AstraVarunVayuParvastastraOther small Astra's......================================Now coming to Arjun.According to authentic version, Arjun hadMass destruction weapons likeBrahmashiraBrahmastraPashupathastraRudra AstraVaishnav AstraOther weapons likeIndra's VajraAindreyastraYam pashaYam dandaNagastraNag pashaGarudastraSanmohanAgni AstraVarunVayuParvastastraAntardyan. & many othersArjun had every weapons of all Devtas.Note :Arjun's Brahmashira and Pashupathastra can neutralise any weapon of any warriors ( including Karna,Drona,Bhishma and others)Karna's weapon like Indrastra and Nagastra can be neutralise by Arjun's Vajra and Garudastra, but Arjun didn't fire it because it would be insult to his father “Indra “.( Karna didn't fire nagastra on Arjun, but it was normal weapon with Ashwasena hidden in it) .Arjun would have easily neutralise Vaishnava weapon and Bhargav Astra by his Vaishnav weapon, Aindreyastra and Rudra astra,but Arjun didn't fire it because it would be insult to Lord Narayan ( Bhagadatta fired Vaishnav and Karna fired Bhargav )Ashwattama fired Narayanstra and solution to stop it was very simple, that is surrender to Narayanastra. ( Whole Pandava army surrendered to Narayanastra and not to Ashwattama or Kauravas )	
Who would win in a fight between Hanuman of Ramayana and Arjuna of Mahabharat	Why would they fight in first place?I don’t get such questions and why people ask them. Both are devotees of same Lord and work for same purpose. Both have other connection. Hanuman is said to be incarnation of Shiva and Arjuna was Nara a devotee of Shiva who pleased him. God is always under influence of Devotees and Hanuman always loves devotees of krishna so both ways he will accept defeat by love.Before someone narrates false and fake story of Hanuman bridge which is nowhere in MB or authentic texts Hanuman and Arjuna would never cross roads in that manner. Hanuman is way stronger than many gods due to him getting boon of accepting or rejecting any weapon or curse as per will. He is sort of invincible.Kindly don’t spam quora with such Blasphemous questions.	Haha. What have you been smokin bro?Well, Hanuman is a Rudra avtar & a Cheeranjeevi ; Arjun, a demi-god has Krishna, a Vishnu avtar. So essentially a fight between Shiva & Vishnu, a fight between the one who sustains the world and one who destroys it so it can be reincarnated.If you have been reading the scriptures, you will notice that after a certain age / yug, the entire world gets destroyed (e.g. Ice age, and the great flood when Manu saved beings in his boat ⛵, meteor striking earth destoying the dinos etc) and then is reincarnated by Bramha. Vishnu then sustains it again and life flourishes.So my friend, a fight between Vishnu and Mahesh happens always which causes the birth, sustainence and destruction of the world. No one wins, no one loses, but this is an essential part of the cycle of Universe	Well we have a folktale in which they actually fought. And here I present it, read through it if you want to know why what and who won!!!Sometimes before the Mahabharata war, Arjuna became quite egotistic of his archery skills. He was once roaming near Rameshwaram (where Ram had built a Setu bridge to Lanka and subsequently defeated Ravana).Looking at the sea, Arjuna criticized Ram saying, “ Why did Ram need such a huge army of monkeys to make a stone bridge? I had heard Ram as a great Archer. Why couldn't he just make a bridge out of his arrows. I could have done it so easily.”A small monkey sitting peacefully on the shores overheard it. Any Guesses? Obviously. And the only thing that stirred him was the name of his Lord: RAM……So he went to Arjuna and enquiried politely, ”So you claim you are a better Archer than Lord Ram? Well do you know that the stone bridge we monkeys created was so strong that it could bear the weight of the entire army from India to Lanka? Your feeble arrow bridge won't last even for a small monkey, let alone an army!”Proud Arjuna got offended; a small monkey? He said “ What do you want to say? I will show you right away that a strong bridge can be made in minutes by my master archery skills!”Hanuman replied smilingly, “ Would it be able to bear the weight of a small creature like me? If you are so confident, go ahead. But let's put a reward on top of this bet. If I loose, you do whatever you want with me. If you do, I get to kill you for demeaning my Ram!”Arjuna was a bit surprised but he took it as an empty threat and agreed! He shot arrows and made a bridge immediately gleaming proudly at the small monkey!“Now let's test it” said Hanuman (the monkey).He stepped onto the bridge and started increasing his size, with huge foot stamping (any one familiar with Hindu Mythology knows he can increase and decrease infinitely) scaring the hell out of Arjuna! And Arjuna had no escape, he started praying ardently to Krishna to save himself from this mighty one whom he had thought of as a tiny creature….The bridge started shaking and after Hanuman's stomping, the water around the bridge started turning Red! Hanuman frowned at Arjuna, “What's this now?”Arjuna tried to be meek by now, “My arrows were in my quiver since long, so they are rusted. Maybe that's why!”Unconvinced of this, Hanuman dived into the ocean and saw what was holding the arrow bridge from underneath- it was a giant fish. It was vomitting blood with each stomping of Hanuman!!!Hanuman got hold of its tail and brought it up to show to Arjuna. The fish now revealed itself as the Matsyavatar (Fish Avatar of Vishnu).Arjuna apologized to both of them and Hanuman not only forgave him, but granted him as well. He went to the war invisible and gaurded Arjuna' chariot by sitting on the flag.Till Arjuna stuck to his ego, he couldn't defeat Hanuman. Only when he surrendered to Krishna, he was saved… So now you know.	If Sarthi is Krishna then winner would be ArjunaSarthi is not Lord krishna then winner would be Shri Hanumanji.	
Was Yudhisthira of Mahabharata really Dharamraj in the true sense	Though I'm a mahabharat researcher, I admire the character of Yudhishthar and dislike him as well.Why I admire him is coz he was really a Dharmaraj.Let me narrate a story from the great epic. Once his guru called eldest of Pandavas and Kauravas to decide who would be the worthiest to be crowned as Prince of Hastinapur.Asked them both to take trip around the kingdom and report the outcome.Both did the same and returned back to the palace, when they reported the outcome of their journey.Duriyodhana said every where he went he saw thief's, quarrels, fights, abusing each other and murder.Yudhishthar reported that where ever he went he could see only love and Affection like mother feeding her baby with love, husband talking to her wife with care, younger generation taking care of their older generation with love and affection. Then guru said what ever both of you saw was as per your thought and deed. He was actually living that life till his last minute. That's the reason he attended salvation with his mortal body.The reason why I dislike YudhishtharHe shouldn't have gambled, which is against his character inspite of cautioning by Vidhur.He had all right to pledge himself as bet , not his brothers.Finally he shouldn't have dared to bet his wife draupadi.The above reasons that I dislike is the root cause of the great war.Still he can be rightly called as Dharmaraj.	Some people try to teach about Hinduism without actually understanding its principles. When such people are Indian, “high caste” or even “religious authorities”, the damage is proportionally greater. Sometimes these people criticise Yudhisthira for having gambled his brothers and wife in the famous dice game against Duryodhana. Usually these people take their information from TV serials or Bollywood movies, or from books written by people with their same level of mentality, and more often than not, they play the internet games on “which character of the Mahabharata are you”. What such people do not understand is that according to kshatriya dharma, a kshatriya should be ready at any moment to sacrifice himself (and his family) to protect the prajas (subjects). Whether this is done on the battlefield or in a dice game, it is exactly the same. The family of Yudhisthira - brothers and wife - were perfectly aware of this duty and they did not complain, because they knew what THEIR duty was. Usually people do not notice that before gambling his brother and his wife, Yudhisthira gambled (and lost) himself. Therefore one of the members of the assembly had the courage to stand up and say that Yudhisthira’s family could not be lost because Yudhisthira had already lost himself and therefore he had no right to gamble his family.Here is an extract from my commentary to Bhagavad gita, 1.14:On the cleared land of Khandavaprastha, the Pandavas built a magnificent city with the help of Maya Danava and with the wealth donated by the many kings who accepted Yudhisthira as the lawful emperor and supported the Pandavas. Crazed with envy, Duryodhana plotted the famous dice game in such a way that Yudhisthira could not refuse to participate, and by treachery he caused the Pandavas to lose everything. Sometimes people criticize Yudhisthira for gambling his capital city and even his own freedom and the freedom of his wife and brothers, saying that it was immoral to gamble his wife like chattel. Thus they compare him to the ordinary degraded sudra gamblers who are ready to stake everything for the mere excitement of the game because they are addicted to the adrenaline rush and to the illusion of easy money. Such foolish and superficial critics, being sudras themselves, are unable to understand the mind of a genuine kshatriya - who only lives for the protection of the prajas.A kshatriya is constantly ready to stake his own life and indirectly his family in every battle, every day of his life, and his family know this very well. Yudhisthira, the son of Dharmaraja, chose to stake his own person first, and then his own family, in the bloodless attempt to eliminate the danger posed by Duryodhana to the entire kingdom. If Yudhisthira had won the match, Duryodhana would have been forced to back down and acknowledge defeat, just like in an ordinary clash on the battlefield - only with less traumatic consequences for the kingdom. The kshatriya spirit is manifested as bravery in the face of a challenge. Arjuna and the other Pandavas had tried everything to avoid this war, but the determination of Duryodhana and his father Dhritarastra thwarted all their efforts. Duryodhana even had the audacity to try to make Krishna a prisoner when he volunteered to go to Indraprastha to negotiate a peace agreement. To the request of the Pandavas to have at least one village where the citizens could take shelter in their protection, Duryodhana scornfully replied that he would not allow them even the land sufficient to plant a needle. Now that the military encounter has become inevitable, Arjuna and Krishna blow in their conchshells to show that they are not scared by the tumultuous noise made by the Kaurava army. But there is a difference: the conchshells of Arjuna and Krishna are called divine, whereas Bhishma's conchshell is an ordinary one, and so are the other conchshells of the Kauravas. Some unfortunate people believe that the Pandavas are the villains of the Mahabharata or at least ordinary individuals, but with such judgment these critics demonstrate their total lack of understanding for dharma, as well as their ignorance of what Vyasa wrote in this very text.	Yes. He was.I would like to tell you a story to prove my statements.Once all of his 4 brothers were poisoned and a Yaksha appeared in front of him and asked him as to which brother he would like to spare or like to revive.He immediately said it should be Nakula. The reason is because, He still lives for Kunti(his mother) and Nakula should live for Madri(his step-mother).Background check : Pandu is the father.He had 2 wives. Namely, Kunti and Madri.	
Who would win between Krishna and Indrajith	None, practically speaking.Ravana had made the planets stand at such a position, when Indrajit was born that somebody who has not slept, eaten or touched a woman for 14 years. All the qualities were in Lakshmana only. Thus Krishna would not have been able to kill Inrajit.Coming to the vice-versa of the topic. It is impossible to kill Krishna. Vishnu can be killed/can die only when he wishes such to. Hence, Indrajit would not have been able to kill Krishna. Their duel would only result in destruction.	
Do you think Dronacharya was right	The answer depends on the context in which you want to know whether he is right or not. If you refer to the guru dakshina he asked from ekalavya, he is partially right and partially wrong. Partially right because he had promised arjuna that there won't be any superior archer than arjuna . Wrong because his pupil should have been allowed to show his superiority on his own.With reference to aiding the wrong side during the war, drona bhishma and Karna were all indebted to the kingdom of hastinapura and they were caught in the dilemma of loyalty vs dharma. So we cannot outrightly state that as wrong.	A simple question will Indian Defense Academy teach A pakistani spy?Eklavya was son of commander of Jarasandha Army and thus he was outright refused. However, MB doesn’t mention it directly but Eklavya and what path he took is given. He was refused and ideally he should have stopped. He did not stop and kept spying and then choked a poor dog with his arrows. Blood did not drop but it was not a good feeling either. When Drona learned this and Arjuna questioned why he did not teach him that. Drona was alarmed and he took his thumb and thus proved his loyalty to Hastinapur.Mahabharat has many hidden meanings and everything cannot be judged on one line where ARjuna approaches Drona and he takes thumb of Eklavya. The same line used for declaring Eklavya great where KRishna praises him also states that Eklavya had always supported Duryodhana in war and for benefit of Dharma and Arjuan he got him killed. Krishna killed Eklavya and he was his cousin. Eklavya was no poor tribal but cousin of kRishna who was adopted by Nishada king.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Was Dronacharya partial with Eklavya even though Eklavya regarded him as his guru?	
What is the main reason for the epic battle of Mahabharat	Sharing of land. Dhrutarashta and Pandu are brothers. Duryodhan was son of Dhrutarashta and Dharmaraja was son of Pandu.Dharmaraja wanted a part of the kingdom, rightfully belonged to him and Duryodhan wanted whole kingdom. Talks failed. Both had good armies.They fought in Kurukshetra. With the help of advices of Shreekrishna, Dharmaraja won the war at the great loss of lives on both sides.If only, leaders have proper senses, lakhs of ordinary soldiers’ families would not have become orphans.Now all those concerned with Mahabharata are dead. Any one has learnt any lessons out of it?History goes on repeating, because morals are not repeated in media!	
What is the name of the role played by Arjun as a dancer in the Mahabharata	Bruhannala / Brihannada was the name assumed by Arjuna, when he spent the one year of his exile King Virata’s Matsya Kingdom during Ajnata-vasam (Period of living Unknown to others). He taught song and dance to the princess Uttara.This is best example to say that even curses will become boons for those who follow/practice Dharma.Here the Curse of becoming Eunuch turns in to a boon to hide his identity.The following is the from movie “NArthana-Sala”(Dancing hall), In which NTR , Legend in Telugu Movie history acted as Bruhannala.	
What happened to Mahabharata warrior Ashwathama	There are two versions of the story:In the first version of story, Ashwatthama diverted the Brahmashira towards the womb of Uttara, wife of Abhimanyu (Arjun and Subhadra's son) carrying Parikshit which on impact burned him and he was revived by Lord Krishna. Seeing such hasty action of Ashwatthama of committing a heinous sin, Krishna became furious and cursed him. It was the only ever, a terrible curse to escape the lips of Lord himself. He took the Mani of Ashwatthama which granted him power over all the organisms lower than human beings and protected him from thirst, hunger and pain and uttered the terrible curse-'Such was your act that I curse you to suffer for 3000 years(some versions say till the end of Kaliyuga). Your body will suffer from wounds and sores from which blood and pus will ooze out countinuously and your wounds will not heal. No human will show you hospitality or kindness and you will be shunned from human civilization and society. Since being a Chiranjeevi and having no fear of Death during this Dharma Yudh and while committing this sin, Death will never come to you , even if you plead for it.’ The effect of curse took place and Ashwatthama was isolated to live on suffering till the birth of Lord Kalki, the tenth incarnation of Lord Vishnu and Ashwatthama will be his spiritual Guru. It is said that at the end of Kaliyuga and usherence of Satyayuga, Ashwatthama will be next Veda Vyasa. Through out the centuries many people have claimed to see, meet and even talked to Ashwatthama.In this version of Mahabharat, after the effect of curse took place, Ashwatthama went to Parashuram, the sixth incarnation of Lord Vishnu and also a Chiranjeevi for the solution to this curse. Parashuram took him under his guidance and advised him to do penance to end the effect of curse. In this version, Ashwatthama is cured of the curse.	He is chirangeevi or not yet died because he didn’t do any good deeds to anyone. Only then he can go to swarga	
Is the Mahabharata warrior named Ashwathama still alive today	Yes. Ashwatthama is one of the Rudra avatar or an Avatar of Shiva. He is the son of Drona hence he is called Drauni. He was cursed by Sriman Krishna for his mis deed.BirthDronacharya was married to Kripi. He did years of penance to please lord Shiva and wanted a son with similar valor as Him. The remaining halahal poison in Shiva’s throat caused the birth of Ashwathama. He had a Mani(gem) embedded on his forhead. Lord Shiva proclaimed that though he is born in a Brahman caste, he would be attracted by Kshatriyahood.He was not as evil as we all know!!Ashwathama was a kind man initially. But he was slightly irritated that his Father was partial to Arjun and taught him all the Divya Astras.He had knowledge of all veda, master in different forms of weaponry.Bhishma tells that if Ashwatthama gets angry even lord Indra’s Vajra nor Arjuna’s Pashupatastra can't stop him. He becomes a second Shiva.The Mahabharath serial (2013) shows that Ashwathhama was supportive of Duryodhan during Vastra Haran. But in the original Mahabharath, Ashwathama cannot tolerate humiliation of his sister-like Panchali and walks out.And then he became EVIL:After the pandavas cheated and killed Drona, Ashwathama got really angry. Now he did not fight the war for Duryodhan. He fought for Revenge.When Duryodhan was in his death bed, on the 18th day, he appoints Ashwathama as the commander in chief.On the night after Duryodhana's defeat, a very disturbed and restless Ashwatthama was sleeplessly strategizing under a large tree. An owl ambushing a group of crows caught his attention. This gave him the idea of attacking the Pandava camp at night. The three surviving warriors proceeded to the Pandava camp. Kripa and Kritavarma guarded the exits while Ashwatthama proceeded into the camp.Ashwatthama first kicked and woke up Dhrishtadyumna, the commander of the Pandava army and the killer of his father Drona.Ashwatthama strangled the half-awake Dhrishtadyumna to death as the Panchal prince begged to be allowed to die with a sword in his hand. Ashwatthama proceeds with slaughtering the remaining warriors, including Shikhandi, Yudhamanyu, Uttamaujas, and many other prominent warriors of the Pandava army. Those who tried to flee from Ashwatthama's wrath were hacked down by Kripacharya and Kritavarma at the camp's entrance. Ashwatthama mistakes the sleeping Upapandavas as the Pandavas and kills themThe Pandavas and Krishna who were away during night, now returned to their camp the next day morning. Hearing the news of these events in the morning Yudhishthira fainted and the Pandavas become inconsolable. The Pandavas, along with Krishna, went searching for Ashwatthama to sage Vyasa's ashram. On seeing the approaching angered Pandavas, Ashwatthama as a last resort, devised a Brahmashirsha astra from a blade of grass and invoked it against the Pandavas and Krishna. Arjuna invokes the same astra, which he received from Drona himself, towards Ashwatthama.Narada and Vyasa came to stop Brahmashirsha astra used by Ashwatthama and ArjunaOn seeing the two powerful astra's heading for a head on cataclysmic (catastrophic) collision that would result in the total annihilation of the entire Earth, Vyasa stopped these divine weapons from colliding with each other by using his yogic power. He asked both these warriors to withdraw their respective weapons. Arjuna was able to withdraw his Brahmashirsha astra, while Ashwatthama could not do so as Drona did not teach his son how to withdraw it, thus limiting the power of Ashwatthama to use the astra for only one instance. Ashwatthama was given the option of deviating his weapon towards an uninhabited place, so that the astra could explode harmlessly. Out of rage, Ashwatthama instead directed the weapon towards the womb of the pregnant Uttara in an attempt to end the lineage of the Pandavas. The angered Pandavas wanted to kill Ashwatthama, but Sage Vyasa reminded them of the deceitful tactics they had used against the Kauravas.As a punishment, Ashwatthama was asked to surrender the gem on his forehead. Krishna then cursed Ashwatthama for 4 lakh years that he will roam in the forests with blood and puss oozing out of his injuries and cry for death. Since he had no fear of death during war, death would not meet him. He will have neither any hospitality nor any accommodation; he will be in total isolation without any contact of physical communication from mankind and society. The wound caused by the removal of this gem on his forehead will not heal and his body will suffer from a host of incurable diseases forming sores and ulcers that would never heal for 4 lakh years.SIGHTINGS OF ASHWATTHAMAInterestingly, people who met Ashwatthama never cited the incident as an ego boosting incident but merely highlighted it in their biographies or as contextual reference in their historical documents; giving very little importance to the occasion – writing up few lines on their meeting with AswatthamaThis could be because they were not astonished to meet him or never thought of giving it due importance in their writings due to his past deeds in Dwapar Yuga.You may contact Dr Narayan Dutta Srimali’s disciples in Jodhpur, INDIA. They tell all these with evidence.Incident 1A more than a decade old newspaper article ran about a railway employee on leave. During his wanderings in the jungles of Navsari (Gujarat) he had reported a very tall man of about 12 feet with a wound on his head. He claimed to have conversation with him and learnt that Bheem was much taller and stronger than him.Incident 2The last record of his existence came to my notice while reading a book called “Himalaya kah raha hai” by Pilot Baba. you can also go to his website to read the excerpts. The temple where he stayed was washed away in the floods a few years back. But before that you can continue with interesting encounters with Aswathama.Incident 3When in 1192, Prithveeraaj Chauhaan lost the battle from Mohammad Gauree, he left for jungle. There he met one old person with a scar on his head. Being a very good doctor Prithveeraaj Chauhaan confidently asked him that he can cure his scar. The old man agreed. But even after week’s medication it remained as it is. Prithveeraaj was surprised and understood the details. He asked old man if he is Ashwatthaamaa. Because only the scars that is created through taking up the “MANI” the gem from forehead cannot be cured. The old man told that he was Ashwatthaamaa and then he went away. This description is given in “Prithviraj Raso” the book written in 12th century on him.Incident 4In late 14th, early 15th century there lived in Gadag, Karnaatak, a poor Braahman called Naranappa. Later, because of the Mahabharata epic “Karnata Bharata Kathamanjari” that he wrote in Kannada, he came to be called as Kumara Vyasa. His greatest desire was to write Mahaabhaarat based on original sources, and to this end he prayed day-in and day-out in the Temple of Veera Naaraayan, temple of Trikooteshwar. One day the Almighty decided to answer his prayers and appeared in his dream and said: “Attend the forthcoming Dwaadashee Paaran (Dwaadashee feast) in the Veera Naaraayan Temple. Watch out for one lone Braahman who would leave the feast earliest. He is none other than Ashwathaamaa of MBH. Fall at his feet and ask him to narrate the MahaBharat as it happened. You can record it in writing and claim your share of fame”.Promptly Naranappa attended the following Dwaadashee Paaran at the Veera Narayan Temple, and then followed the Brahmin who finished his feast the earliest and started walking out of the Temple. He approached him and fell at his feet saying, “I know who you are, you are the very same Ashwatthaamaa of MahaBharat, please help me”. At this Ashwathaamaa was taken aback and asked him how do you know this? Naranappa responded saying “The Veera Naaraayan Swamy” appeared in his dream and told me so. Ashwatthaamaa was mightily pleased hearing this and asked Naranappa, OK, tell me what can I do for you. Naranappa responded saying he would like to write the Mahaabhaarat in Kannada as it happened.To this Ashwatthaamaa agreed under two conditions. He said that Naranappa should start writing the Mahaabhaarat everyday after he finished his bath, wearing a wet Veshti (Dhotee). Ashwatthaamaa said – “You can keep writing till such time your Veshti is wet and the MahaBharata would flow from your pen as it happened. The moment your clothes dry up, the flow would stop. He also put a condition that he should not disclose this secret to anyone failing which the flow would stop forever. Needless to say, our Naranappa, was immensely excited about the project, and he kept his secret till the time he reached the “Gadaa Parv” (the time when Duryodhan and Bheem fought the duel of the mace fight). At this moment it is believed that Ashwatthaamaa appeared before Naranappa and he was in tears — remembering his friend Duryodhan and the A-Dhaarmik (unjustified) way in which Bheem defeated Duryodhan. Naranappa overcome with excitement disclosed this secret to his wife, and his writing flow stopped immediately. That is why his Mahaabhaarat ends with Gadaa Parv only. Later someone might have added up from Vyaas’ MahaBharat, but our Kumara Vyaas’s MahaBharata ended only with Gadaa Parv. End of Mahabharat and Beginning of Kaliyuga further suggest that Dronacharya’s son is very much alive and is bound to roam in India to serve the curse bestowed on him.The curse that “Ashwatthaamaa would roam the world carrying his own sins, with people shunning him, and suffering the pain of the wound on his forehead from where the “Mani” was removed by force”, 5000 years ago. Or Vikram Samvat 2070** years, since Mahabharata is now long passed, and I am sure, Ashwatthaamaa is there somewhere in the Himaalaya, performing Tapasyaa. (**Vikram Samvat is calendar derived by King Vikramaditya to record historical evidences).Incident 5Dharmdev and Bhaktimaataa (father and mother of Bhagwan Swaminarayan) were cursed over two hundred years ago by Ashwatthaamaa – son of Dronacharya. This is described in Satsangi Jivan written by Shatanand Muni – He was tall and well built robed in orange clothes as a Braahman. His head was strapped just above his eyebrows and he was covered with Bhasm (ash). He had big red eyes full of angerness.Mother Bhakti and father Dharm were on their way back from Vrindaavan where Shree Krishn proclaimed to them that their troubles in Chapaiyaa (village close to the banks of Sarayoo) would soon end after He himself would be born to them. On the way back one night (it took 28 days for them to get back to chapaiyaa village – the birthplace of Swaminarayan Bhagwan), as they walked through the forest they lost there way. They saw a tall Braahman roaming in the forest. They asked him for direction. The Braahman with a deep voice asked where they were coming from as they looked feared. Dharmdev explained that they were a Sarvariyaa Saam Vedee Braahman and his Kuldev was Hanumaan Jee and up on Hanumaan Jee’s advice at Hanumaan Garhee -Ayodhyaa (where Dharmdev did Tapascharyaa for 3 months) they went to Vrindaavan. Dharmdev further explained the whole incident as well as telling him how they had a revelation from Lord Krishn and Shreemati Raadhaaraanee in Vrindaavan. With this the Brahmin spoke with anger in his voice “Krishna my arch enemy? Will be born to you? I curse Him for the pain I have borne as of Him, that He as your son will never be able to bear weapons and neither shall he be able to fight in any war.”Saying this he left pushing Dharmdev aside. Bhaktimata started trembling and crying. Just then Hanumaan Jee arrived to them once again and calmed them and showed them the way and told them that they need not fear as God does not need any weapon nor need to fight to rid evil and tyranny.This incident shows that Ashwatthaamaa is still roaming in forests and jungles of India today. As this was just over 200 odd years ago.Incident 6(Not my uncle.. the writers)“”””Narrated by a commenter. My Father’s uncle was a famous (Vaidya) – Doctor in Ludhiana. He would spend hours meditating too. He was a Bhakt of Data Dayal, a well Known Guru in Panjaab (try to search for Data Dayal on net). One day as he was closing his shop in the after noon, it was summer time and everything was shut due to summers, in 1968-69, Ludhiaanaa, Panjaab, just then an old person came to him, whose face was covered and spoke to him in crude Panjaabee and Hindi mix, “Badaa naam sunaa hai teraa, bhaut badaa vaidya hai too? Ilaaj kar sakdaa hai meraa?My father’s uncle said – “Tell me what the problem is?” and when he removed the Pagadee from his head, there was a dent on the forehead. He had never seen such a dent before, as if the brain was taken away from the fore front, yet the skin was tight as if nothing had happened. My dad’s uncle was a bit nervous but still said that he would like to have a second look at him. He said – “Tenu pataa hai main kaun hoon?” and my dad’s uncle said – “I think I know who you are but still let me get my stuff.” By the time he brings his stuff from the almirah, that man had left, never to be found again. But he said that his eyes always haunted him, He had blue eyes, which were so sharp as if he would walk inside his brain.””””Incident 7Narrated by another commenter. I have also heard from numerous people that others have spotted someone with a dent in the forehead roaming around the Narmadaa river (Gujaraat). He was described as tall person, and that there was tons of fly’s, bugs surrounding him all the time.AND THESE ARE JUST CLAIMS. I DON’T KNOW WHETHER THESE ARE AUTHENTICATED.SOURCE[1] Wikipedia[2] Aswathama Existed?– Ashwathama Seen By People – Ashwathama Is Alive?	
What was the population of the Hastinapura at the time of the Mahabharata How did Kaurava and Pandavas accumulate the huge army for the war	Is MAHABHARATA a HISTORY or MYTHOLOGY?There is NO CLEAR EVIDENCE to DATE the event.?Unless this issue gets answered it will be impossible to make a sensible guestimate. Obviously the population of the HASTINAPUR a few thousand years ago (2000 to 4000) must have been in thousands and not in LAKHS.India`s population in 1947 was about 39 cores. Delhi population as per 1951 census was only 17,14,000. If one extrapolates this for 2000 years ago the numbers may be very small. May be only in its thousands.	The army of both Pandavas and Kauravas consisted of warriors of great valour. However, if you read carefully the shlokas of Shrimad Bhagvad Gita, you will understand the armies of both the sides were from far kingdoms also as well as the near kingdoms. The army of Lord Krishna was on the side of Kauravas as a result of boon given to Duryodhan (previously Suryodhan) by Lord Krishna. Shrimad Bhagvad Gita describes a beautiful narration and description of number and origin of different armies which was seen and narrated by Sanjay to Dhritarashtra through his divine vision(Divya Drishti)	
Who is Senabindu in the Mahabharata	Thanks for A2A.Senabindu was one of the kings whom Arjuna defeated during his Rajasuya conquest.Arjuna conquered mountain regionsAnd having thus subjugated the king of Pragjyotisha, Dhananjaya ,the son of Kunti, then marched towards the north--the direction presided over by the lord of treasures.Kubera.And having conquered all the mountains and the kings that reigned there, and bringing them under his sway, he exacted tributes from all.And winning the affections of those kings and uniting himself with them, he next marched, O king, against Vrihanta, the king of Uluka,. And the fight that took place between Vrihanta and Dhananjaya was terrible. It so happened that Vrihanta was unable to bear the prowess of Arjuna.Then Vrihanta,that king of the mountainous region regarding Arjuna irresistible, approached him with all his wealth.Senavindu defeatedArjuna snatched out the kingdom from Vrihanta, but having made peace with him marched, accompanied by that king, against Senavindu,king of Devaprastha whom he soon expelled from his kingdom.Arjuna defeated king Senavindu and occupied his kingdom.sa tadrAjyamavasthApya kulUtasahito yayau |senAbindumatho rAjanrAjyAdAshu samAkShipat || 9||modApuraM vAmadevaM sudAmAnaM susa~Nkulam |kulUtAnuttarA.nshchaiva tA.nshcha rAj~naH samAnayat || 10||After this he subjugated Modapura, Vamadeva, Sudaman, Susankula, the Northern Ulukas, and the kings of those countries and peoples.Arjuna, did not move from the city of Senavindu but sent his troops only and brought under his sway those five countries and peoples. For Arjuna, having arrived at Devaprastha, the city of Senavindu, took up his quarters there with his army consisting of four kinds of forces.Then surrounded by the kings and the peoples he had subjugated, the hero marched against king Viswagaswa--that bull of Puru's race.Having vanquished in battle the brave mountaineers, who were all great warriors, Arjuna then occupied with the help of his troops, the town protected by the Puru king.Having vanquished in battle the Puru king, as also the robber tribes, of the mountains, Arjuna brought under his sway the seven tribes called Utsava-sanketa.Arjuna then defeated the brave Kshatriyas of Kashmira and also king Lohita along with ten minor chiefs.PreciselySenavindu was the king of Devaprastha,Who was defeated by Arjuna during his Rajasuya conquest.Arjuna camped at the city of Devaprastha and conquered five more kingdoms merely by sending his troops.His victory march continued towards Kashmir..and so on..FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata ch 27Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationSabhaparv XXVI	
How can you surely say that Mahabharata is true	Hello my dear friend ,How do you say believe in conquests of Alexander , Saxon invasion , Vikings or other stories. Your reason might be probably the location and records . But these events happened few thousand years ago so their trail still exists today which you can refer too. Mahabharata happened way before and our civilization is so ancient some of these places have even changed geographically ( Dwaraka ) . In age when there were no maps or proper communication locations have been very specific in Mahabharata Dwaraka , mathura , kurukshetra , to the last walk of yudishtra is mentioned precisely. Also the greatest book of wisdom presented is the Bhagavad-Gita. Surely cannot be written with human intellect. There are many such examples to prove it's more than a mythology. I have another suggestion here we can deliberate over whether it has happened or not but instead of doing that we should focus on what has been taught to man kind from Mahabharata. Is that taken in ? I feel you should look in those lines my friend. Just a humble recommendation.	
Who is the Chaladanka Malla in Bheema or Duryodhana	Except the Kannada “GADAYUDDHA” of RANNA, (in Kannada)there are not much instances of Duryodhan being the Master of Mace fighting or wrestling, even in Mahabharat he is appraised so - but verbally (only)But, where as Bheem - proves his worth many a times in the Mahabharat itself! (Not verbally)- as MALLA.(a wrestler/mace fighter)Now, the Meaning of Chala - it vares! But with CHALADANKA (which is usually used in Kannada) it means The one who wont rest to take revenge, or fulfill his vow.Duryodhan - did not VOW anything! Only with his cunningness he drew Darupadi to the Sabaha, to get revenge of her insult to him - though this is totally an interpolated story (she insulting him at the palace of illusions)But, for that he can not be termed as MALLA - which is a HEROIC adjective !So It is only BHEEMA. IN every aspect - he can be termed as CHALADANKA MALLA.	
Why is the friendship between Karna and Duryodhana not famous like Krishna and Sudama	As per Scholars there are 3 types of Friendships.Sufala SnehamSafala SnehamVifala SnehamVifala Sneham: It is simply failed friendship.Example : Drona & DrupadaThey Were Friends like Krishna and Sudhama but because of ego the were separated and fought each other. Finally Drona killed Drupada.Safala Sneham:Example Karna & Suyodhana ( Duryodhana)They never got separated, hence we can consider it as successful but not fruitful. This Friendship led to death of both. Trust in each other killed Lacks of people. This caused an insult to a women who is honorable to entire empire.Sufala Sneham;Examples: Krishna & Sudhama and Krishna & Arjuna.They never parted from their friends hence it is successful friendship. It is fruitful too.Sudhama gained Moksha and he served thousands of Poor people and saints with the knowledge and wealth given by Lord Sree Krishna. Arjun helped his brother Yudhishtira ( Dharma Raja) toestablish a peaceful and Dharmic empire on planed with help of krishna. In both cases there is benefit to Society and also individuals hence it is considered as great and fruitful friendship.	There are many reasons for that, and i will try to write them so kindly bear with me as this may get long.First reason is definetly involvement of the divine. While Karna and Duryodhana both were humans, in case of Krishna and Sudama Krishna is considered as Divine Incarnate whereas only Sudama is human.Second reason is that the relation between duryodhan and karna was just limited to friendship and to an extent loyalty due to kingship of duryodhana. Whereas Krishna and Sudama Has dual relationship. It is mentioned in the scriptures that apart from friend, sudama used to consider lord Krishna as his god, so it was God-Devotee relation as well.Third reason and most important is while karna and duryodhana both were friends their relationship was forged out of need and time of both of them. Duryodhan was humiliated in the contest of hastinapur where all of kuru princes were bound to show their might and valor after completion of their tutelage under Guru Drona. So he needed someone as a challenger to pandavas and he saw that opportunity in karna when he gate-crashed that event. Similarly when duryodhana annointed karna king of anga, karna became indebted to him for rest of his life. So apart from friendship that relation was kind of bondage for karna,.He admitted many times before duryodhana himself that he can’t leave duryodhan even if he wants to because he is indebt of him. Also while shakuni use to instigate duryodhana against pandavas and plot against them karna didn’t stop him and instead sometimes become partner in his wrong-doing examples being Teasing pandavas during agyatvas, virat war suggestion, killing of abhimanyu, Game of Dice, Draupadi disrobing and so on. Few times whenever he didn’t agreed he use to distance himself from the schemes but didn’t do anything more example being burning of lakshagraha.Whereas when we think about Lord Krishna and Sudama, they both were pious ones with Krishna being a god and a very powerful just king of dwarka in that times. Again scriptures mentions that sudama was a brahmin and use to follow all rules laid down by Vedas and scriptures for brahmin to every word. So steadfast in his practice of dharma he was that his family along with him use to remain hungry for days because he don’t use to get alms from 5 homes many times(A brahmin is allowed to ask for alms in only 5 homes in a day). Lord Krishna and sudama were together in the ashram of Rishi Sandipani for education, where Krishna and balaram befriended sudama. At first he was hesitant because sudama was from a poor background whereas Krishna was the son of the village chief and a well to do family. but then Krishna assured him that whenever he will need Krishna's help he will come to his aide as quickly as possible without asking/expecting anything in return. What’s more is even when he went to Dwarka on insistence from his wife to ask for help, he was hesitant in doing so not because it involved him asking for something but because he thought “what will people think about krishna after looking at a poor brahmin like me ? they will laugh at him that krishna is friend with beggars ?”. But thankfully krishna being omniscience realized his dilemma and gave him all the richness of three worlds without sudama required to utter a single world.So that’s why friendship of karna-duryodhana was no less but it doesn’t come anywhere close to the kind of friendship krishna-sudama had.JSH	Friendship requires love, pure love and it never demands anything in return.This kind of purity can be seen in Krishna's friendship but not in Duryodhana's.Duryodhan was in search of an archer who can beat Arjun in the war. He found one in Karna and made use of him. Karna had always faced humiliation from people and also from the warriors of Hastinapur, regarding his status and he always had that feeling of proving them that skill was more important than anything else. He longed for respect and attention. Duryodhan made use of that and declared him as the king of Anga. As this was all he needed and wanted, Karna made himself as the strict follower and admirer of Duryodhan, even though he had known that Duryodhan was wrong.Now where is the love and affection.	Firstly, they supported each other in doing all bad deeds and adharma. Secondly, even though Duryodhana and Karna had mutual respect, one cannot deny the fact that the former had some selfish motive in supporting Karna. He knew that Karna would be his best bet against Arjuna in archery and so wanted to give importance to him and keep him happy. Otherwise, it’s very hard to get friendship from a highly egoistic person like Duryodhana who didn’t care for his parents’ words or grandsire Bhishma’s words. He knew very well that a battle against Pandavas would be inevitable and also realized how useful Karna would be in that battle. So, it doesn’t looks like a true friendship, but based on his selfish motive.	The friendship between Karna and Duryodhana was famous. They were considered to be great friends despite the fact that Duryodhana was the emperor designate of Hastinapura and Karna being from common ranks, though extreamly talented.Friendships between any separate sets of two friends can not be compared.	Karna and dhuryodhana - Selfish Friendship.Krishna sudhama - love, sacrifice and Selfless Friendship.Jay Sriman Narayana	
What is the importance of 13 years exile in Mahabharata	According to the epic Mahabharat, When Pandavas lost in the dice of Game of Chauras, they had to fulfill the condition put down by Kauravas. They have to spend 12 years of Vanvaas (exile in forest) and one year of Agyaatvaas(exile in hiding) .The term ‘Agyaatvaas’ is made of two words- Agyaat meaning unknown and Vaas meaning to stay and the term 'Vanvaas’ is made of two words- Van meaning forest or jungle and Vaas meant to stay.If Kauravas had discovered the identity and location of Pandavas before the end of the thirteenth year, then Pandavas would have to spend again 12 years of Vanvaas. But by the game played by destiny , they are able to spend the thirteenth year (Agyaatvaas) successfully in the Kingdom of Virata.	
Why did Arjuna tell to Bhima that Panchalas were the relatives hence do not kill them in the Guru Dakshina war	Following are the words spoken by Arjuna to Bheema while fighting Drupada when they, under the command of Drona, went to Panchala fulfill his guru dakshina, which was to capture and bring Drupada.senaamarhati raagnyo asya veera hantumasheshhata: | 1 sambandhayogyastaatasya sakhaayam na sudhaarmika: || 18.79||neshhyaama enamevaato gurorvachanagauravaat || snehapaasham tatashchakre bheebhatsau drupado adhikam || 18.80||Arjuna destroyed their chariot and arrows in a flash. He requested Bheemasena who was thrashing the army continuously “Oh brave one please do not destroy the complete army of this king. He is worthy of being our relative. He is a virtuous person and also our father’s friend. Out of respect to our Guru’s (teacher’s) words let us just capture and take him. As he was telling this, Drupada instantly liked the special comradeship bonding of Arjuna.Source: MBTN chapter 18, written by Guru Madhwacharya, translated to English by Harshala Rajesh with help from Pt. V. Prabhanjanacharya.It is clear that Arjuna knew that Drupada was a friend of his own father Pandu and was worthy to be a relative because, he ruled his kingdom righteously unlike Jarasandha who was an unrighteous and cunning ruler.	Panchala kingdom had always been an ally to Hastinapur. They shared amicable terms. Only because it was asked by their guru in form of guru dakshina, they Pandavs and Kauravs called for a battle. None from the house of Hastinapur fought in this fight. It was a fight between Dronacharya and his students vs. the mighty Panchalas.Hence, keeping the past relation and future alliance in mind, Arjuna told Bheema not to kill any Panchalas. The term “relative’ might be a crude translation for the relation that Panchal and Hastinapur shared in past.	He never said that, neither Panchal was their relatives at the time of Panchal war.	
Did Arjunas chariot blasted when Hanuman flag came out Whats the reason for that	As per epic Arjuna chariot blasted due to weapons of various warriors like Karna, Dronacharya and others. However , many attribute it to their favorite hero only.Now, what does that mean? Does that mean if Hanuman had not been on the flag Arjuna would have blasted or defeated?Some mention when Lord krishna abandoned chariot it blasted but he did everyday when the day ended. Did it blast? It blasted at the end of the battle as it was from Agni and its purpose was over and thus had to be returned to the fire god back.Arjuna had promised to restrain himself from using excessive use of divine weapons but his enemies did not So that divine chariot served the purpose of protection. Krishna only mentions that the chariot was afflicted with several kinds of weapons and it was his presence saving it for the purpose it was meant and now as the purpose was over it had to be ended.Lord Krishna saved Chariot and Hanuman is assumption because it mentioned Kapi which could be any monkey.Lord krishna said his presence protected it. Now was Lord so weak that he also needed Hanuman to help him. Why two lords?Well, first of all the sanskrit epic doesn’t mention Hanuman at all. It only has Hanuman promising to bless chariot of Arjuna during the great war to Bhima. But Arjuna always had an ape on his chariot since the days of Khandavvan and that monkey was not Hanuman but a celestial creature. It always existed on the flag. Never does krishna name Hanuman in the end leaving it and never does he some out to show to Arjuna and the original epic only mentions celestial ape. All great warriors had such flags and some mystical element on it. Arjuna had that celestial ape.It is Sagar and other serials which clearly show Hanuman but the epic doesn’t mention. Neither the epic makes it a big scene. What is there is Kapi which means monkey and that monkey which is described as Bhootgan since Khandavvan incident. Not every Kapi and ape is Hanuman. It is english translation and TV serials who make that scene and future retellings and folktales.Could Anything hurt Lord Hanuman and make him cry? I don’t think so anyone can do that.But in the epic this Ape gets hurt when someone fires deadly weapon at the flag. It is given that Bhishma hurt the ape and it roared. If Mighty Hanuman had been on his chariot then would Krishna care about weapons of karna like Nagastra when as per this description his Brahmstra was consumed? why to take that trouble? and The epic mentions normal arrows,spears etc had cut Arjuna and krishna many times. So, in presence of Hanuman his lord was being hurt? There is also mention of bad condition of chariot and horses on 14th day. Krishna takes care of them when Arjuna was fighting on foot. With Lord Hanuman actually sitting on the chariot they would have blasted them very early. and why does Hanuman come and sit on his chariot to help him? I have faith in Lord that he could do it by blessing it from a distance. The ape or Kapi is lost in translation and assumed to be Hanuman. while the final scene doesn’t clearly mention who he was other than the same ape from the Khandavan incident.What could have happened had it not been protected by Hanuman as people believe?Then see Many warriors lost their chariots. Gatotkach celestial chariot burs ted and it burned mid air but he did not die. Other too had broken chariots from both sides but all survived from that very case. yes, if they were killed like Abhimanyu that is a separate case. But Arjuna would have also taken other chariot like others. Only it would have troubled Lord Krishna more as he was charioteer and assigned with duty of such department.Edit: Some people have taken this answer with negative mindset that I don’t credit krishna and Hanuman for saving him. But they should revisit the answer that I have clearly said that Krishna did protect the chariot. In fact Lord Shiva and krsihna blessings made Arjuna winner against all odds. There is no doubt about that. Even Hanuman blessed his chariot and thus his blessings did help him attain victory. Those who are using Hanuman Ji statement should read that he will roar and dampen spirit of Enemies. He also said with his blessings Bhima would also roar more. What does that mean? It means Hanuman did bless them but does it mean that Hanuman was consuming all weapons otherwise chariot had blasted even with Krishna on it. Are we here contesting Krishna supreme authority of protection? When I sit in exams we believe God has blessed us and when we get marks we say he got us results. So, I am not a person who would say Hanuman lied and did not gave strength to their side. My entire argument is that Krishna was enough to protect Arjuna and he said he protected it and the celestial ape was a creature already on the banner. Now Hanuman did bless chariot but making 2+2=6 is what people are doing. I am only contesting those points which bring out that a certain hero blasted chariot and Arjuna would have died with that chariot which is not true. Because Arjuna was still injured and God doesn’t intervene in human Karma. That is what is being said here. Arjuna did have a divine chariot and he earned it by satisfying Agni. He did have Krishna protection because he chose him.The answer is just contesting the point those who think that Arjuna did not nullify any weapon and just weapon of one warrior destroyed his chariot and he would have died. The answer is also to contest those who think that krishna would have not able to save that chariot and thus Hanuman was also needed. This is against the super godly status of Lord krishna and what he said when the chariot blasted. He said his presence was saving the chariot.Some have mentioned that chariot purpose argument is not correct therefore I mentioned that Krishna used to step everyday then chariot did not blast to point out that krishna decided when it had to blast and it is he who knows when task of a chariot is over not when we think. Now let us see what krishna had to say about this argumentVasudeva said, 'That car, O Arjuna, had before been consumed by diverse kinds of weapons. It was because I had sat upon it during battle that it did not fall into pieces, O scorcher of foes! Previously consumed by the energy of brahmastra, it has been reduced to ashes upon my abandoning it after attainment by thee of thy objects!'Then, with a little pride, that slayer of foes, the divine Keshava, embracing king Yudhishthira, said unto him, 'By good luck, thou hast won the victory, O son of Kunti! By good luck, thy foes have been vanquished! By good luck, the wielder of gandiva, Bhimasena the son of Pandu, thyself, O king, and the two sons of Madri have escaped with life from this battle so destructive of heroes, and have escaped after having slain all your foes! Quickly do that, O Bharata, which should now be done by thee!Now we can see clearly that Krishna himself is stating in shalya parva 62 that even when Duryodana is alive they have attained victory. The battle was over and Duryodhana was almost defeated. He could have been easily hunted. It was other case that Yudhishthir later Gave Duryodhana chance to choose any weapon and opponent which Krishna called Gamble. and krishna being God knew that Bhima would be able to slay him in that manner. So, I think Krishna know s better which job is completed and which is not.Other Argument that krishna named Hanuman saving chariot is also not there. It only mentions that celestial ape left the chariot. But krishna names himself as savior of that chariot.http://www.sacred-texts.com/hin/...Source KMG translation onSacred-Texts: Hinduism	
What are the steps a person should take to become the undisputed champion in his profession the way Arjuna was in archery	There are two steps to it:Learn, Learn, LearnPractice, Practice, PracticeBut how those two steps must be carried out? That would be elaborated below.Every field would have their precedents who were/are the field-masters. Stay humble before them, and follow them, learn from them.Show humility in front of the masters : Even if you master a module, don’t try to think you are above those preceding masters. Humility is most required characteristic to become the Champion one day. By the way — Who would declare you the champion? It’s these precedents who need to see their own image in you, and they need to say they have found an eligible candidate to replace them. So, it is they who would declare you as a champion in that field. So, humility in front of the masters is a must to become like them.If you don’t do this, you won’t be taught all the subtle secrets of each trade, and therefore you would end up being master in one particular module while someone else would master every nook and corner of the field.That is exactly what happened with Arjuna and Karna. While Karna was no common warrior, I don’t underestimate him, but his Ego ruined him. He was denied some portions of teachings and incurred curses due to his early boastfulness during learning stage.Arjuna on the other hand remained humble throughout and earned the love and respect of his teachers who knowing him to be worthy imparted him everything that they knew. He practiced them like anything day and night and was declared a champion in that field.In a corporate world also, you need to follow your lead, learn from him/her like a student, give due respect, and stay humble. He would teach you every trick of the application/business model, out of love and trust.Humility must continue even after becoming Champion: Many people fail to do this. They start considering their preceedents as their equals and sometimes inferiors too. While that may be technically true that you would have scaled up leaving them behind, and they cannot absolutely compete with you. But still humility is a ‘tapas (penance)’. The moment you lost it, your merit decreases, and with every gram of pride that increases in you, understand that somewhere God is preparing another candidate to takeover and your day of decline would begin soon. Therefore, to stay always at the top, always be a ‘student’, a humble one!When you must perform, do this: When you need to be driving the show, it doesn’t pain to meet your preceding leads and seek their best wishes. Does it pain? They would be happy to confer blessings or wishes upon you and would look at your performance as like a close friend witnesses without any malice in heart, without any feeling of inferiority or competition in their hearts. Then you would continue to scale up without any hidden malice displayed by others.In summary:The process of learning is :“Look at the master”“Follow the master”“Listen to the master”“Talk with the master”“See through the master”“Become the master”“Move ahead of the master”“But never admit yourself to be the master (in front of your master)”Then alone the knowledge (saraswati) would stay in your self and you would stay a ‘Champion’ undisputed forever. One fine day, identify a worthy replacement, and pass on your knowledge to him/her because ‘saraswati (ever flowing one)’ must keep passing on through succession……………..When all these simply put in one liner →“While you are learning, learn like the disciple”. “When you perform perform like ‘the Master’”.Hope this helps.	
Why didnt Arjun teach Abhimanyu to break the chakravyuh	The question is based on assumption that Chakravyuha was some sort of dish which if Arjuna had given recipe, Abhimanyu had made and won a cookery contest.First of all Arjuna did not spend much time with him. Secondly , this question could apply to all of other warriors too. Why did Drona not teach it to many others? Why not Yudhishthir who was wise and was head of making Vyuha of his forces and why not Dhritdyumna other student of Drona who was military strategist and hell of a warrior and finally why not Satyaki who was compared to Krishna and Arjuna. There is even a line in MB that it seems there are only three warriors in his world Arjuna, Krishna and Satyaki. So, Drona despite having Satyaki as his disciple did not teach him.well, one could say there were not favorite only Arjuna was but that is not the right answer. Because Satyaki was later student of Arjuna too and he taught him many arts and divine weapons but not chakravyuha. Same applies to his own brothers.The correct answer is that it is very complex formation and not easy to tell and takes lot of time and energy. The theoretical knowledge did not matter much. Moreover, the situation Ahimanyu was in , possibility of him coming out of the formation even with knowledge of breaking it was meek. Actually breaking it required practical application of breaking it. Creating gaps and passing through it when the opponent will try to fill those gaps as fast as possible. Abhimanyu as better at that more than anyone else. He was also trained with best warriors of the nation like Pradyumna, satyaki, Samba, Gada, Krishna, Anirudh and thus was already quite skilled in dealing group attacks. He used that knowledge to best of his ability.Note-The story of him learning it in womb of Subadra is not in northern recession of MB or BORI critical edition. It might be in southern edition or just a folktale. As per southern edition where Abhimanyu mentions his knowledge he only narrates Arjuna teaching him that but no mention of womb. To best of my knowledge this is from regional versions but not in any authentic version.	Thanks for A2AExcerptArjuna had the opportunity to teach Abhimanyu before the Exile at Indraprastha and then at Upaplavya where they camped before the War.kRRitvA cha vedAdhyayanaM tataH sucharitavratAH |jagRRihuH sarvamiShvastramarjunAddivyamAnuSham || 81||All of them, of excellent behaviour and vows, after having studied the Vedas, acquired from Arjuna a knowledge of all the weapons, celestial and human.Here it is said Arjuna trained the boys in warfare knowledge. But I am not sure he had initiated the skills of vyuhas to Abhimanyu since the boy must be still young that time..After the ExileUpaplavya became the center of Pandavas for planning their future course of action.Abhimanyu was newly married then. But we could see his presence in Sabha when Sanjaya came with a messageArjuna must have taught how to enter,probably at this time.Abhimanyu himself admitted he learnt from Arjuna…only to break the formation.उपदिष्टो हि मे पित्रा योगोऽनीकस्य भेदने |नोत्सहे तु विनिर्गन्तुमहं कस्याञ्चिदापदि ||१९||Abhimanyu honestly admitted he can not come back if he gets into trouble..Probable reasonsArjun after teaching the breakthrough must have become busy with war discussions,war preparations etc. This was the time when he went to Dwarika to seek help from Krishna. After Drupada’s priest was sent to Hastinapur by Yudhishtir Krishna leaves for Dwarika..Arjuna goes and comes back with Krishna having chosen him against Narayani army.There was not much time left after Sanjay’s visit to Upaplavya and Krishna’s visit to Hastinapur.The war is round the corner and Arjuna has his hands full with too many responsibilities.,Selection of army commander,moving over to Kurukshetr with seven akshouhinis,camping there.all these happened one after other,not leaving space for Abhimanyu’s training..Last But is not leastArjuna must have thought..Chakravyuh if at all arranged,he himself will enter and tackle not his young,enthusiastic,Just married son Abhimanyu.But destiny had something else in store for both son and the father.Untimely death for son and lifelong pain for father..FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Drona Parv ch 34 ( Sanskrit version)Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationAdi Parva sec CCXXIIIDrona Parv XXX III	The Story goes thus:When Abhimanyu was still in the womb of Subhadra, Arjuna was discussing the Chakravyuha formation with Subhadra. Baby Abhimanyu was following each word of this fantastic discussion about the formation with rapt attention. Arjuna had completed the entry part of the formation when Subhadra fell asleep.The art of setting, entering and exiting the Chakravyuha was known only to the cream of the warriors and not necessarily everybody. Though Arjuna knew that his son was a warrior par excellence, he never saw the need to pass on the knowledge which his Guru didn’t deem necessary. To do so was to insult the Guru who taught him what he knew in this case Lord Krishna.So he chose not to teach Abhimanyu to break the Chakravyuha.My two cents	Gods were taking rebirth in the form of humans to take part in Legendary Kurukshetra war to wipe out demons in human form. Chandra, the Moon God could not part with his son Varchas for longer periods of time. So, he requested his son to return to him by 16 years. So Varchas when took birth as Abhimanyu has to die by 16 years. To facilitate his death, only way is to lock him in a chakravyuh and kill him. This is the reason, when Arjuna was explaining about chakravyuh battle formation to Subhadra who is pregnant with Abhimanyu, Krishna interrupted their conversation and took Arjuna away after Arjuna explained Subhadra (Abhimanyu listening to this conversation from womb) how to enter chakravyuh.	When Subhadra was pregnant with Abhimanyu, Arjuna discussed with her the art of breaking a chakravyuh. But she got bored and dozed off, whereas Abhimanyu-in-the-womb paid rapt attention and listened to his father.After his birth, his father Arjuna deemed it necessary to teach him the art as he believed the knowledge would not be necessary for him in the future.	
What would happen if Lord Krishna was born now	Pretty much the same societal happenings ! Same levels of lust, greed and ego and brutality amongst men, religions,states . This because when formless God appears as God in human form,he is ridiculed, opposed viciously and hardly listen to the sane advise given by the Lord. This happened repeatedly with subsequent incarnates such as Buddha, Jesus Christ and Mohammad. Much later, these very same incarnates are worshipped, religions established with rites, rituals and rigmarole !This was revealed by the latest incarnate, Meher Baba (1894–1969) during His seminal ministry and many matchless treasures left behind such as ' God Speaks'. A must read to gain a comprehensive picture on divinty, it's dynamics and utility for the humanity. Available online as well as on YouTube.	Oh Man sounds like you somehow read my mind :)I always thinks the same. Many people keeps asking such things that why any avatar of god is not coming now even if society by large is degrading morally very fast ?????Answer to this is because “things haven’t got out of control of human beings as of now yet”. You see during the times of Ramayana, Ravana was ruler of earth who was quite unchallenged at the peak of his power, even by demi-gods and gods let alone humans, same goes for Mahabharata, earth was filled with tyrrant and unjust kings everywhere and mind you these kings had subjugated the people and weren’t selected like in democratic society. Thats when lord krishna took birth.Coming to your question ,answer is during his own time i.e in Dwapara yuga he continously used under-handed techniques to overcome the situation at hand and solve the problems and sometimes only he used his powers. Same will happen even in today’s society as people are more corrupt maybe he will use force to correct the system and manipulate the flaws in current system(which are abundant) to his advantage. But then it is said amazing are the ways of god. So maybe he can use altogether very new and different approach which we cannot even imagine.But at the end result would be the same i.e establishment of dharma, means a society following code of conduct and justice and truth will prevail.JSH.	
What is TM Krishna trying to do	First Kudos to him for his hard Work. He had made an wonderful job in slow singing. But he lacked the natural talent of musician like U Srinivas, Ravi Kiran, Balamuralikrishna. His ability in singing sahithyam did not show up in his Alapana and Kalpana Swaram. Sometimes these are really pathetic in his concert.What he is trying to do in the name of liberting art? there are different categories of music in world. You cannot go and sing rap in Jazz or Jazz in opera. Different set of people like different type of musics.He lacks the understanding of what is respect. What is he trying to do by singing music on christianity or Islam. These religion has their own culture time memorial. They have a system of praying. What is that he is trying to prove? He is disrespectful for their method of praying. They have their own music. All the religion had created great peoples and will do in coming times. We have to be respectful for what these religion is doing. By trying to sing in the name of Christianity and Islam he feels carnatic music is great and others were scrap. There he lacks maturity.Coming to the fundamental of Carnatic music, he keeps making comment that people have stamped Carnatic music with the work of Trinity. Well the person instrumental of creating this music is Purandaradasa. He is a great devotee first. He put this system to enhance bakthi. He did not create this as art. Given his approach he can never get the wisdom of why bakthi and spirituality is first. Somewhere he had got overwhelmed with himself. So he getting the wisdom on what for carnatic music is done will not happen.Why is he basically trying to divert people attention on somewhere? Fellow musicians like Ravi kiran feels there is so much to explore in carnatic music and develop. T M Krishna basically lacks this skill to see or take the carnatic music to next level. This is obvious in his ability to sing ragam and kalpanaswaram. You cannot compare him even with younger generation to him like Abhishek Raghuram. Compare him with he fellow musicians like Sanjay Subramaniam. Sanjay performance are extremely consistent and he never disappoints their audience. But T M Krishna could not attain this perfection. No matter whether some of his audience comes to his concert to hear the traditional classic music or bakthi, if he doing his job with integrity , he should not disappoint them. So his sincerity towards his own work is not there.Another good example of his talent. He recently praised Illayaraja for his diverse knowledge. But he criticizes Balamuralikrishna. Illayaraja has great regard for Balamuralikrishna. If he has understood Illayaraja then he would have had ability to grasp the intelligence of Illayara to put things in perspective.Bottom line after he reached a certain level he gained overconfidence. But he could not keep up with it in developing Carnatic music further. Because of his overconfidence he developed he could not accept his saturation on his ability to go further in carnatic music. He is frustrated by himself. This he is not ready to accept.Bottom line he is mediocre musician who cannot go beyond in the area where he came to limelight. This is the reason he is doing these stunts	
Every person will have next life as per his good or bad deeds in previous birth Then how come Karna has such a glorified life on far with Arjuna inspite of him being Dambodbava in his previous life	Thanks for the questionKarna’s life was not a glorified life. He led a comfortable life. None in the Epic glorified him except for Yudhishtir who had a Karna mania. Krishna’s praises during Kurukshetr were motivated. He wanted to keep Arjun on his toes till he kills Karna.Now what kind of glory was associated with Dambodbhava born as Karna? Let me elaborate.Karna was brought up as Adhiratha’s son ,which certainly was not derogatory as Sutas were not looked down upon in those days. But certainly being a Pandava or Kaurava was different. Reason?The great history that came as a legacy to them..mainly due to the achievement of ancestors. Yayati,Puru,Bharat ..all these kings brought glory to Kuruvamsh…and not to forget the valiant Pandu and grandfather Bhishma who added to the reputation by their deeds.Karna did not have that kind of reputed predecessors who would fetch glory to his existence.Karna was a very good archer who aspired to be acknowledged as the best. Unfortunately he couldn’t get that tag of sarvasresht Dhanurdhar due to the excellence of his much younger opponent Arjun. Lifelong he waited for that acknowledgement which would have brought glory to his name but he was not destined to get that.Karna failed to capture Drupada, so again he missed the chance to become glorious by offering Gurudakshina to Drona.While Karna got Anga kingdom as a gift Arjun won Panchal and offered it to Drona.Karna failed to hit fish target ,which would have offered him all time glory had he become successful. So glory evaded him and chose to garland Arjun instead.The much discussed Dice game brought more illfame to Karna than to Duryothana.Reason? His abusing words to Draupadi Who was humiliated on his instruction. Forget about glory..this incident made Karna the target of hatred by sensible minds ..He is crucified for this inhuman act..even today..While his arch rival continued his march towards glory and fame by bettering himself with his achievements,Karna became complacent and enjoyed life with his royal friend Duryothan.Ghosha yatra is another incident that exposed Karna as incompetent to protect Duryothan from Gandharvas. Again glory eluded him and let Arjun walk away with fame and accolades.The Virata war also did not help Karna to achieve glory in anyway. He fled and lost his chance yet again.Ofcourse the one incident that brought Karna glory is his donation of armour and ear rings to Indra. He was able to keep up his Danveer tag (though he exchanged them for Vasavi Sakti)Kurukshetra war was the last chance for him to get glory..but he missed..14 th day,16 th day..no hope. 17 th day tried his best. Finally attempted to get some sympathy votes by pulling the chariot wheel ,knowing that his death is inevitable. But certainly sympathy can not compensate glory..which comes only with success.To sum upDambodhbhava did not lead a glorious life.Except for his Daanveer title he did not achieve much. He spent his life without adventure and attainment. He did not try to enhance his skills. He was happy. In his luxurious lifestyle.Karna’s life was not on par with Arjuna in terms of glory. Dambodbhava led a normal life which can not be termed as glorious.FootnotesBased upon Bori Critical Edition,unabridged EditionsKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation.	Not only previous birth but previous births. Karmas never get destroyed until and unless they are exhausted by the doer of the Karmas. you never know which karm when, in which form, in how much proportion will give results because as said by lord krishna,गहनाे कमॅणा गतिः The movement of karmas is very complex. This is the reason we can never know the future with certainity.	Thanks for the A2A.Was Karna’s life really glorified as per the original texts and their authoritative interpretations?I don’t think so. Going as far as comparing his life to that of Arjuna is an erroneous conclusion.Arjuna is the beneficiary of Srimad Bhagavat Gita directly from Lord Sri Krishna. While Karna had just conspired to capture the very same Sri Krishna (and failed spectacularly!)His skill as a warrior was only due to the essence of Lord Surya through whose grace he was born.Being cast off as soon as he was born, his curses, his friendship with Duryodhana, his conspiracies with Duryodhana and gang and being proved insufficient at every juncture by Pandavas, all this goes to show that Karna was also suffering the ‘prabdha karma’ that is associated with the previous births.You speak perhaps of the 14 years of exile that Pandavas had go through. It was during this time that Arjuna on the other hand enjoyed the company and counsel of Sri Narayana, Lord Pashupathi and other devas.How is his life atleast equal to Karna’s?Hope this clarifiesPeace!	Karn was not Dambodbhav in his previous life.	
In Sambhava Parva why did Kunti say A woman whatever be her offence always deserveth pardon Should a woman be forgiven for killing someone too	This is what we call cherrypicking and distortion of truth.Pick up one sentence from somewhere and state it without the context it was spoken in and the meaning gets distorted completely.So my principle is whenever I hear a quote by someone I always ask “To whom did they say it”, “when did they say it?” And “why did they say it?” before forming any opinion.So here is my two cents for this question…..To whom did Kunti address this statement?She addressed this statement to Surya - The sun God.When did she say this?When, she had just attained puberty (around 11 - 13 yrs of age) she had out of curiosity about the mantra that Durvasa gave her, that whether it will work or not, summoned Surya. Kunti tells him then.Why did she say this?Well Surya turns up and says surrender to me and I will give you the baby. Kunti was scared she didn't want any baby, she was just a child and an unmarried one at that and was just being curious like all teenagers. She realised she had been irresponsible in doing so. Therefore she apologised to Surya and said please forgive my offense for trying this mantra.She says women always deserve pardon, because in that era women had no agency,they were property of first their father and then to whom they would be given to by the fatherThey were treated the same way minors are treated today. They are forgiven their crimes and counselled. They are not given punishment - why because they were presumed to lack the maturity and knowledge to understand consequence of their actions and their crimes were deemed to be unintentionalWomen in that era were rarely provided exposure or knowledge to understand the consequences of their actions. Eg. Durvasa gives a potent mantra to Kunti but doesn't bother telling her that she should be careful and use it only after she is married and only if her husband is unable to provide a child.He gives her a insurance policy but doesn't bother telling her the terms and conditions.So you see - there is nowhere she is talking about killing someone. We should never stretch a statement to a point where it becomes ridiculous.	Context matters. Context is a very, very important concept which, if we overlook, the words of a person can mean something absolutely different. Let me give you an example.Do you remember, Priyanka Chopra’s infamous “baby” comment that went viral? The one that drove many netizens up the wall?PC - as the tabloids accused - had said, “I don’t need a man for anything except babies.” Overnight, the comment had turned her from a loved Desi Girl to a “feminazi bitch”. Many were miffed with her. Some irately concluded that men are nothing more than baby producers for her (and other feminists). Others asked - what if a man says similar things about a woman? Would the media digest it so easily?I wasn’t too happy with PC either. But that was till I read her full interview. Here it is —In an interview with Filmfare magazine, former Miss World was asked about the new ring on her finger and her response blew us away. “I buy my own diamonds. When a guy comes into my life it will not be for diamonds,” said Priyanka.“A guy will be in my life only when I am in love. I don’t need a guy for anything else except for children,” added the Quantico star, reports Pinkvilla.Basically, she meant she is single. Duh! Can’t a girl buy a ring for herself? Her choice of words may not have been the best. One might even ask, why she brought up “need for men” in a question related to diamonds.This is where context comes in. Thanks to some obnoxious women, the fairer sex is traditionally seen as “gold-diggers”. Just like men are often generalized as “perverts”. This is why, you will often find independent women going to extreme lengths to clarify they are not money-suckers. Just like men put up #NotAllMen. You will never find a man saying, “I don’t need a woman for buying cars”, because, hello! Traditionally, it is the men, who have always been earning the wealth. Women, on the other hand, are often seen as agents who run after rich men for money and all things that come with money, diamonds being one of them. In this cultural context, Priyanka implies (in my words)-“I am an independent working woman. I dont need/want a man for wealth(or diamonds). I want nothing from my husband except his heart and love. If there’s anything I might at all ‘need’ from him, it is children.”Because, well, men and women are incomplete without each other when it comes to procreation. That’s a universal truth no amount of feminism or ‘meninism’ can change. Medical science might, but believe me, sex is an easier option.Sorry for digressing too much and going off-track, but this was to show you that many times, understanding the cultural context explains a person’s psyche behind saying/doing certain things better. Now, let’s get back to Kunti.Pritha or Kunti was a teen princess of Kuntibhoj, when she met Durvasa. Some intense “sevas” later, she was blessed with certain “mantras” by the old sage to get children from Gods. Out of curiosity, one day, she decided to test the mantra with Surya Dev. And lo! The moment she finished, the effulgent deity appeared in front of her, and said “What can I do for you?”Kunti realized her folly soon enough. Mind you, she was not given this boon to play Ringa-Ringa-Roses with Gods. It was specifically meant for having children. Perhaps, Kunti thought the old sage was joking, and thus casually chanted the “mantras” like a petulant teenager. But when the Sun God really appeared in front of her, the bubble burst and she knew what was to follow.The Sambhava Parva from where you quoted Kunti, gives a very brief insight of what happened next. But what actually transpired is described in greater detail in other Parvas, with beautiful metaphors to make the sexual encounter between Kunti and Surya look flowery and poetic. The truth is far from that. Perhaps, to avoid that fate, Kunti initially bowed down to Surya and said: “Please forgive me. Women should always be forgiven.”What she implied (in my words):“Sun Godji, I dont want babies now. I am not married yet, so kindly spare me. And if it makes you feel any better, please consider that I am a woman. So let me use my dumb-women card this once, and escape this dilemma. Pretty please.”Jokes apart, there could be two reasons behind her statement, and both can be true at the same time.1.) She was trying to somehow escape, and gave the easiest argument she could come up with. This has nothing to do with actually killing/murdering or committing crimes and being pardoned for that.2.) Perhaps, she was right from a legal standpoint. Perhaps, women were always forgiven by the contemporary laws of Mahabharata era. This is because, women were traditionally seen as immature. As Preeti A rightly pointed out, it was presumed that womenfolk didn’t have enough IQ or maturity to understand the consequences of their own actions. So, even if they made mistakes, they were deemed as unintentional.Part of this presumption was because of the manner in which females were brought up in that era. Barring exceptions, women didn’t get similar education or exposure to practical life like their male counterparts. And many spent most of their lives living in inner quarters. Owing to all these reasons, women were culturally seen as inferior in terms of intelligence/overall capability.So, when women were so “inferior”, “inadequate”, what was the point of punishing them? Perhaps, this is the philosophy behind the statement Kunti cites to Surya.But don’t worry, that was Dwapar Yuga. Thanks to the likes of Indrani Mukerjea, no one believes such laws anymore.I dont really believe in the supernatural elements(Sun God coming down on earth to have sex), but I followed the classical narrative to avoid confusion.	A woman can be zillion times more cruel than a man can fathom, if she choses to. ‘Hell hath no fury than a woman scorned!’, such idioms exist in every culture. And there are ample number of women throughout the history who have proved that.But the key difference between a man and a woman is that women, evolutionarily, think way too much before they act. Thus scorning a woman might be easy, but to get a devastating reaction from her is vaguely difficult. Women wait, and forgive, and give enough chances to you to admit your faults. If you don't trust me, just observe the personalities of your mom and dad. While it is easy to get your mom angry, it is very easy to recieve her forgiveness. Thats not the case with dads though. Its an evolutionary trait.Women are nurturing in nature. So it has to be a really really big reason that can provoke her to that extent. No, killing someone is always the biggest sin and should never be forgiven irrespective of gender. But the general idea behind the verse is that a woman's predicament towards crime is often either heavily provoked, or a heavily repressed emotion that bursts out in the form of a mental disorder.Thus kindly analyse before you make a haste decision against a surprising reaction from a woman. Men and women are very very different. What seems possible from your angle, is vaguely different from another's angle.	First of all, I believe that the translation could be incorrect. The Vedic system did not advocate “pardon” for all offences but “special consideration” as in KINDNESS and RESPECT. The 3 categories of people for whom this “special consideration” is prescribed are:1. brahmanas2. women3. cowsWhat is the common characteristic of these 3 categories?BENEVOLENCE. Brahmanas, women and cows are normally benevolent and kind, so if they commit any offense, it is necessary to find out exactly why and how, because most probably they acted on self-defense, as an accident, or in a disturbed state of mind due to some very difficult situation.Of course in the present age everything has been distorted. Regarding cows, people do not even know any more what would be the natural normal life expectancy of a cow because these animals are routinely slaughtered and mistreated to an early death. Women are mistreated to a level that was UNTHINKABLE at the times of the Mahabharata, and many of them have become so alienated that they can commit any type of crime - and in such case, killing them would be an act of mercy to stop them from accumulating more bad karma. Do not get me started on brahmins. :-)	A crime is crime be it be a women or a man. There is a hell and heaven difference between the rajtantra at that time and the rajtantra of this time. Whatever reason was accepted at that time is not permissible at this time.	That was an old yuga,this is kaliyuga,21st century, nowadays everyone are equal eventhough it is a man/woman..noone is actually forgiven due to the gender,he/she is punishment for their sins by sending then to heaven,for good deed and hell, for their bad deed…everyone is equal to god,and even law,……thx.	
Who were Rajasuya and Ashwamedha	Rajasuya and Ashwamedha were not people. Rather, they were great rituals performed by the most righteous of Hindu rulers like Yudhishtira from the Mahabharatha. The Rajasuya was a sacred ritual performed by a king, binding him to perform his duties in the most righteous way possible, also declaring him as the most superior king of all. The Ashwamedha was similar to the Rajasuya, but it also involved the sacrifice of a horse into the holy fire. A king having performed both of these yajnas (according to mythology) was said to be a king of kings.	
Who is the lawful heir of throne according to The Temptation of Karna	Wat shall be the temptation of an evil mind ..? Wat was Ravana temptation behind Maa Seeta kidnapping ..? Wat was temptation of Karn when he forced Duryodhana to bring Draupdi either naked or in single clad of saree . Wat was going in karn’s mind while calling Draupdi a whore . Wat wud have been temptation of D-K-D company behind Draupdi’s disrobe if Lord Krishna wud have not helped Draupdi ..? I think a massacring rape of Draupdi by D-K-D company was for sure in live court of Hastinapur. This temptation was for sure to going to happen . But it was failed by Lord Krishna.Here on such a big platefarm Wat shall be mine lawful temptations towards U n all who ask me such questions ..? My temptation always remains positive while replying so many Quora queries. But the temptations of those lakhs of people who ask so many questions have different kinds of minds n approach . But as we all know that there is no route n short cut to get success . And there is no alternate of Hard work to get success . So is the case was with karn’s attitude , character n so called evil temptations. He was corrupt from his foot to his head’s hair ends . I dnt think karn’s temptations matters in such matters of justice .Who was karn to have such temptations to decide who shall be lawful heir of throne of Hastinapur ? Did he ever served his mother like Pandvas served to Kunti at jungles for 13 yrs..? Wat he did for Adhirath n radhe ..? Wat he did for his other siblings ..? Was he so dedicated , devoted n loving for his younger siblings like yudhi was conscious for his younger brothers ..? Did he spent his childhood in forests like Kunti’s Sons spent …? People here n there cry n yell like widows while showing karn as an orphan . Did he lead an orphan life ..?People have made a theory that Karn was abondoned by her mother which lead to live him a miserable life in jungles for whole childhood life & he was treated as servant at the home of Adhirath & he was used to beaten by her mother Radhe . Karn was forced to wash utensils n clothes of Hastinapur houses to earn his bread n butter . He was beaten by Guru Drona n thrown away from his Gurukul & Parshurama made him drink the glass of poison when he found that his temptations were evil n wrong ones. Are these lawful statements..? No… Never . So how can be his intentions n lawful temptations cud be right one & justified for the heir of Hastinapur throne ..?This is the exact temptations of those who have never -ever read a single page of BORI. Today I’m giving the biggest logic behind karn’s evil temptations . Please read above n below paragraphs n u will get to know his unlawful temptations & may get know his evil character better .Bhisma , Drona , kripa n Vidura were humiliated more then 100 times then any character of MB at the hands of Duryodhana. And the same character ( Duryodhana) respected Karn 100 times more then them . Wat does this mean ..? A righteous man has always justified voice n positive viberations . But both Karn n Duryodhana had hells like feelings . Now I’m finishing ur reply with the biggest ever logics about Karn’s Intentions & temptations. Take another logic of Lord Krishna visit as peace messenger at Hastinapur court . Now see wat happened ..? As per jatak stories Karn was the biggest donator in all 3 worlds . Done . I get agree for a moment . But when lord himself asked for 5 villages as donation then the same Daanvir karn stopped Duryodhana to not donate even a single inch of land . Why ..? Why he dint stopped Duryodhana just for 5 villages . He cud make Duryodhana agree on such a small piece of land but he dint utter a word . Where his 2feet long toungue got stucked in between ….And see the Cheer-haran part ,when Draupdi was getting insulted he utters so many sinful words against Pandvas n Draupdi . He even furtherly ordered to bring her naked n called her slut . The toungue was same , the brain was same n the soul was same , the education he got from Drona n Parshurama was same ( they never educated him n Kaurvas to insult woman of any character or substance) n the same were his evil temptations my dear Fren . He was the worse character of MB . No matter if the most upvoted n more knowledgeable people Dnt get agree with me at all above points I discussed above won’t bother me at all . But I’m sure that even Mahadev will get agree with me on my this such point of view , vision & truth . So, his temptations matters Zero & I will sum up them as Null vector ( maths term ) . Thanx.	
Why did Draupadi agree to have five husbands Was she forced by anyone in polyandry Was there any political gain to Drupad Draupadi was someone who questioned laws and was feisty Why did she not resist this	Thanks for asking DharinijiBut I feel I am not fit to answer this question. I am too much in love with Arjun,Draupadi and their love. All my good friends are more level headed and practical . But I am emotional and get carried away from reality ..in this particular issue. That is why regarding polyandry I always take questions that need to be explained from authentic texts.I am not against polyandry practiced by Pandavas and Draupadi. It was predestined as per Mahabharat and Markandeya Puran. It was justified with good reasoning be it with Nalayani episode or the five Indras narrative.But why did she agree for polyandry..First and foremost I feel she was not feisty or argumentative. The Epic did not give such vibes atleast as per my learning.Panchali contrary to popular thought did not reject Karna. I made many posts validating the fact.She was the new bride,just won in swayamvar by a valiant,handsome brahmin youth whom she garlanded without hesitation ( as he is a poor brahmin) and with a smile. ( Bhavadipa said she is happy and proud to get such a husband)Panchali took his hand and walked into the hut where already her future must have been discussed and decided by Yudhishtir ( mostly) and Kunti ( to a lesser extent).Now let me answer your other question before getting into the main questionwas there any political gain for Drupad?Drupad was a warrior by heart and deed. He was fascinated by young Arjun who won him single handed . He went to the extent of getting a wife for him.Didnt he know that Arjuna was not the heir to the throne of Pandava empire? He knew..but he wanted the third Pandav only not the Eldest who will occupy the throne with the backing power of his brothers.I am religious minded. Traditional in approach. I believe in yajnas,tapas,etc. I believe Drupadi came out as an adult from the fire..of Drupada’s yajnavedi. Drupada’s Sankalp ..to get a daughter who could be the wife of Arjun..Devyaschapyarjunasya vai was clearly given in Unabridged versions.If only Arjuna becomes his son in law Drupada had nothing to lose . If his daughter becomes the wife of the Eldest also he could gain nothing because Drupada wanted the kingmaker not the king. With Arjun’s valour he could gain the whole earth for him if he want.. At such a young age Arjuna won Sauveeras,Yavanas and mighty Panchal .Drupad did not aspire for political gains. He wanted Arjun..that is his truth.was Draupadi forced into polyandry?No. because no one asked her option.there were three options open for her.Either to be the wife of only Eldest PandavOr to wed all the fiveor to return to Panchal as a rejected bride.So what would be the best option? Let us check.Marrying only Yudhishtir..she will have to lead a spiceless boring life mainly doing homas,yagas,listening to stories unlimited narrated by sages..and losing Arjun who won her and captivated her heart,Refusing to marry all the five..she has to return to Panchal,rejected and dejected. Her father will be laughed at and ridiculed for not making the Swayamvara purpose fruitful. Drupad may get to face the ire of kings again this time no Arjun and Bhim he will have for support.By marrying all the five ..Her father will be safe. She will get Arjun as her husband..Even if he won’t get much time with her,she can look forward to moments of fulfilment in his presence.I would like to share yet again an extract from Arjun Without Doubt Where Arjun questions why she went ahead with polyandry and she answers with clarity…here it is.Courtesy Arjun Without Doubt..author Sweety ShindeThis was the scene when Arjun returned with Subhadra and meets Draupadi ,Who is sulking..1.You were the one who withdrew your fingers from mine.I could not guess why you gave up..He said.( Arjun)I thought back through my cold fury . He was right.I had taken the first step towards the decision.But he was supposed to read my mind.( Draupadi)It is so obvious . If I had refused,I would have been forced to marry the Eldest. I said in incredulous anger.( Draupadi)2.Draupadi to Bhima when he accused Kichaka for desiring other’s wife.You committed the same sin..years ago. Did you not covet some one else’s wife?I was his wife.The Target was pierced. The contest was won. The garland was round his neck.The rest was mere formality awaiting completion.Same thoughtsDhariniji I hold the same views. I thought the same way.Panchali did not protest . She was not given a chance. If she said no to polyandry She would be asked to marry only Yudhishtir not Arjun..That is the sole reason why she kept quiet. Why she sailed through it against the odds. People who again and again reiterate how she is described as cheerful after the decision was taken just avoid how she was described when she garlanded Arjun.I believe in love at first sight . Draupadi definitely looked smitten by the young anchorite who hit the target with exceptional skills. It is not a normal task to accomplish. It is the most difficult feat . Stalwarts Of Aryavarth failed to hit that. Why won’t Draupadi get impressed? He is young,charming,and he won her. Isn’t it enough to get connected to him?So I will go with Sweety Shinde’s take. I agree with her hundred percent.Will Draupadi’s talent go waste if she becomes only Arjun’s wife?No. because Yudhishtir can never get a wife as magnificent as Draupadi…neither does Bhim. There will be no one who could surpass Draupadi in beauty or competence…and she can easily make a place for herself even as a queen and not empress.Talent can never be suppressed Maitreyi,,shone with her brilliance…she is the wife of only a sage Yajnavalkya.Satyabhama was the third wife of Krishna who was the second son of Vasudeva. Still she cultivated her own image with her warrior skills.Five protectorsAll the wives of Pandavas have five protectors.When Arjun went on conquests didn’t Subhadra and others get protection from other Pandavas? I am sure Draupadi also would never have had a problem if Arjun goes on conquests,Hence I feel Draupadi made the decision with foresight . I understand her in my own way.Foot notesExcerpts from “ Arjun Without Doubt” by Dr. Sweety Shinde	
How come Kunti became pregnant with Karna by just wishing a child from Lord Surya Is there any hidden metaphor or philosophical explanation of this incident	Long anwer ahead. Do read with patience.In order to understand the answer, we will have to dive into the origin of characters played in Mahabharata.All the characters in Mahabharata can be categorized into:Supreme Soul - Shri Krishna, Parashuraama, Veda Vyaasa.Dharma PaaraayaNa’s: Bharata, Pururava, Kuru, Prateepa, Devapi, Bahleeka, Shaantanu, Pandava’s, Kripa, Kripi, Vidura, Balaraama, Ugrasena, Kuntibhoja, Kunti, Draupadi, Subhadra, Abhimanyu, Upapandavas, Uddhava, etc.,Dharma PaaraayaNa’s but having allegiance with adharma: Bheeshma, Drona, Ashwatthaama, Karna, Kritavarma, Shishupaala, Dantavakra, Dhritarashtra, etc.,Dichotomous: Shakuni (neither in 3 nor in 5).Adharmi’s - demons: Kamsa (Kaalanemi), Vinda, Anuvinda, Mushtika, ChaNoora, Duryodhana, Dushyasana and his other brothers and one sister, Duryodhana’s wife, Jaraasandha,Divine Gradation and who were Pandu, Kunti and MadriEvery God except Narayana is a Jeevi (a soul which is an eternal entity as per Shastra’s).There are some good Jeevi’s, some better Jeevi’s, some exceedingly good Jeevi’s because they adhere to dharma by varying degrees. The best among all Jeevi’s is Mahalakshmi (Wife of Lord Narayana) and next are Chaturmukha Brahma and Vayu. There is a divine gradation of souls.There are many Gods who are placed higher than some other because of their belief in dharma and adherence to dharma.Since, Gods are believed to be in continuous contemplation of the Supreme God, Lord Narayana, committing themselves to Yoga as explained in Geeta, they have powers mere mortal souls like us can only imagine.Based on the degree to which they are adherent to Bhaagavata Dharma - they are graded in divine hierarchy. For example, Indra is graded higher than Surya. Higher the position, greater the proximity to Supreme Soul Narayana and hence, His grace and higher their divine power.Pandu was a Marut - one among 12 Gods in one of the Kaksha’s, who are of divine origin. His name was Paraavaha. He had two niyata (verily) wives - Siddhi and Dhriti. Siddhi was born as Kunti and Dhriti was born as Maadri in Dwaapara. Maruts are placed higher than Ashwini Devata’s and lower than Vayu, Yama, Indra and Soorya in the divine hierarchy.Begetting Progeny among Gods.The method by which Gods were born from Chaturmukha Brahma until Daksha Prajaapati was called Niyoga. There is no sexual intercourse involved in this method. It involved condensing of part of or some portion of accumulated virtues (puNya) through drishti (sight), sparsha (touch) or ichcha (desire) to beget progeny.Dhritarashtra, Pandu and Vidura were all born through Niyoga method as the children of Ambika, Ambalika and head servant of Ambika, through Veda Vyaasa.Karna and all of Pandavas were born through Niyoga as incarnations of Soorya, Yama, Vayu, Indra, Ashwini Devata’s - Drasu and Nasatya. Only Karna was born with demoniacal influence in his soul because, in his previous janma he was Sugreeva who got his elder brother Vaali (Arjuna in Mahabharata) killed because he was demoniacally possessed to kill his brother.Kunti blessed with VashikaraNa mantra by DoorvaasaWhen Kunti was a five year old girl, she was assigned to assist Doorvaasa - a great sage who used to indulge in rigorous austerities to attain grace of God, but had an extremely short temper. Kings and other sages alike always feared his short temper which generally made him direct a curse on anyone who crossed paths with him.Kunti served Doorvaasa during the thirteen years of his stay in Kuntibhoja’s palace and assisted him wholeheartedly not even earning ire of the short tempered sage once, during his austerities. This kind of devotion for such a long period is possible among those who are noble souls. He was pleased with her commitment, dutifulness and devotion.At the end of thirteen years - Doorvaasa asked Kunti any boon that she sought as she had been very devoted and dutiful in serving him in the course of his austerities and service to Lord. Kunti sought any boon which would be of use to her, in a moment of need. Doorvaasa, equipped with divine vision, saw that Kunti would need the use of Niyoga method to beget progeny, which would be more than handy in ridding this earth of all its evil. He thus gave her a “Sammohana Mantra” - a mantra which would entice any higher soul than her own and her husband’s and give her a worthy son. Then he left Kuntibhoja’s palace as his objective to stay in the palace was over. The austerities were essential part of qualifying Kunti.It is known that out of curiosity, Kunti called upon Soorya using the mantra taught to her by Doorvaasa. Soorya instantly came down and through niyoga was born through her as Karna.Philosophical Explanation:We may not truly believe these stories, because, it is explained in shastra’s that kali’s influence on all of us mere human beings will make sure that we believe in grey or worse dark, when we know there is light.Those souls, who knew the reason for their janma, knew it because, they had earned such knowledge and places due to their devotion, adherence to dharma and Yoga as is explained in Bhagavad Geeta - but of course by varying degrees of adherence.	In any story, there always a twist. Even a new, amatuer writer give twists to keep the story interesting.It keeps the reader interrsted, the feeling of what will happen next keep the reader turning pages.And when the story is written by The Supreme, one can only imagine the level of twist that will be present in the story.Kunti visited her uncle where a sage came. Her uncle told her to keep good care of the sage. (Note: it was pure devotion. Nothing physical. For God Sake’s she was the princess, who will make her do physical acts with a sage?)The sage was pleased with her service and gave her a mantra which will give her child of any god she wanted to.Ancient India was very,very much advance in science, society and many more things. Intercourse between her and God didn’t take place but the semen found its way to the ovaries. Somehow.She was young. She tried to test the mantra. She called Surya dev. Mantra showed its effect. She got scared. She gave on on Karna.The story is as straight as that.I never find any metaphor or philosophical meaning in it. Although, it can be said that- whatever you do, keep in mind of its consequences.Apart from this, I find the story quite simple but in the whole Mahabharat, it had hige effect.	Dharini,If you could not know for your question beginning with “ How could……” it is simple to say that you have trusted that there was war.If you know how many ways the universe tries to maintain the status quo, you can simply understand that.In knowing the initial state of the status quo we usually are very narrow and think at most to the extent of single generation but Mahabharata tells several generations to accommodate the causes.The status quo is maintained by The Idea.The idea after a lapse of time starts accumulating the deviations and when lot of deviations starts causing the man difficulty in knowing the original then the current state of affair become “ Anti thesis” and the old had to assume the “ Thesis”.It appears that the Thesis will be negatived by the Anti thesis but it does not do so but develops a third state which is called “ Synthesis” which tries to accommodate the permissible new challenges by purging the old one which had either become obsolete or impractical to follow.After lapse of the time this Synthesis itself loaded with the deviations become Thesis and Antithesis are the new challenges and mutual destruction is not possible so again there is Synthesis only to assume after long time a thesis.Mahabharata goes back to the ideal state of obeying to the Commands of gods and various assumptions of the warriors terming them as Dharma, had to be uprooted but the various questions which Yudhisghira puts to Bhishma lying on the cot of arrows shows that he was trying to know the best possible and purging those which deserved it.To quell the hinderances is not death as such because finally epic exonerates all.While reading it we make up our mind to agree with some and disagree with other but The Epic has to be seen in toto and the end result is that all have been proved as actors and just after a barrier “ The death” all agree to the universal truth.Brain child is not born after having conception but the author has to conceive the same to develop his Concept.	In Mahabharata era, there is a certain divinity in the world.Curses, Boons, Demi-gods, Demons etc. Its not a children story.Kauravas, Pandavas and Karna are Ayonijas.It means they are not born from a womb. Kunti did not bear her sons in her womb for 9 months.No.The boon of Durvasa gives Kunti power to have Ayonija children and by that power she gave birth to her children(One KARNA reluctantly, Others willingly).A mother should want children, but Kunti never wanted Karna.She was forced to have him as a mistake for her childishness.Yes, there is some philosophical explanation here.When it comes to Pandavas and Kauravas, Who is the Eldest?The Eldest gets the Throne, by law/dharma. (Krishna tried this concept on Karna)The Eldest is Karna. He is the first of their generation.According to Brahma, the creator of worlds, Life starts from SUN GOD.Sunshine makes water vapour which leads to clouds which leads to rain, which leads to crops, which leads to food and life.What if there is no Sun in the universe?There would be no Life(Both Philosophically and scientifically).	The child born out of devotion need not develop in womens womb .Sage Durwasa offeres boon mantra to Young Kunti for her services that whichever gods she prays with mantra will give her a son with valor associated with that god . Bieng immature she tries the mantra on Surya deva , Due to boon it was mandatory to give her son as she wished . Lord Surya places the son in Kuntis lap . Kunti objects and reuest to take back the baby , but Surya denies as per laws of Boon process .We can never compare those periods with ours in regards to present technology out there to prove everything with scientific evidences .May be Gods would have sexual intercourse with the queen as per the boon to associate with our current understanding withholding her virginity . But when Karna was born , she was just attending the teens .Ganga took away Devrat to hevens in mortal body for his upbringing , After Bhisma non of Kurus born have biological lineage associated with royal blood line.	Kunti’s wish to have a child for Lord Surya was fulfilled by Surya even though Kunti at first appeared unwilling out of fear. She finally agreed.-Vasu-	
Did Draupadi and Rukimini meet each other	Thanks for A2A.Yes according to Bhagawat Purana where all 8 main wife of Krishna met Draupadi and the conversation was recorded in Bhagawat Puarana.Ref - Srimad Bhagavatam: Canto 10But according to Sanskrit Mahabharata Draupadi’s meeting with Satyabhama was mentioned.There was part dedicated to only Draupadi and Satyabhama conversation.Ref - Vana Parva: Draupadi-Satyabhama Samvada: Section CCXXXIApart from that they again met each other during the marriage of Abhimanyu and it was mentioned that not every one was allowed to enter to enter in the room where Daruapdi, Satyabhama, Arjuna and Krishna gossiping together. Sanjay was allowed to enter once and from his description it was clear that the four people mentioned above was pretty close to each other.Ref - Udyoga Parva: Sanat-sujata Parva: Section LIX	Yes! But it doesn't appear in narration of Mahabharata. It's supposed to be in Bhagavatham. A narration goes where Lord Krishna's finger gets cut while he was at Dwaraka and at that time Drupadi immediately torn her silk saree to give bandage to Lord's bleeding finger. At this moment Lord's three wives were searching for maid assistance. Drupadi was there to invite Lord for Rajasuya sacrifice. I haven't read Shrimad Bhagavatham but this narration is glorified to give an illustration as God pays back with an example to site that she was rescued from humiliation @ dirty parliament where all the dignitarys were watching fun and Lord gave an infinite length of saree in return to a piece of saree she torn to use for bandage.	Once during dwaparayuga there was a complete solar eclipse. At that time all the kings had met at a place called “Samantha Panchaka kshetra “ to perform a pooja inorder get rid of all there sins. Krishana and Balarama had witnessed the pooja along with there family. Even pandavas had come to attend the pooja. At this time Rukmini and droupathi met each other.	Some versions of the Mahabharat say that they did meet during the Rajasuya Yagnya and also that she visited the Pandavas and Draupadi during the exile along with Krishna. However, not much is know about what transpired between them unlike the famous Draupadi-Sathyabama conversation.	
How was the history of Shantanu conceived by Ved Vyas under the title of Jaya	Jaya was another name for the MBh. Probably, its first version. I am not sure it was Santanu’s story alone that was called Jaya. Santanu’s story was a small part of it. Santanu was son of Pratipa, a Kuru king and was married to Ganga first and had Devavrata as son who later became Bhishma.Santanu later married (after Ganga left him) Satyavati and begot Chitrangada and Vichitraveerya. Both died prematurely and Vyasa begot Dhritarashtra and Pandu for the Vichitraveerya’s widows. That’s the beginning.Hope this helps.-Vasu-	
What is the name of the son of Arjun and Chitrangada	Arjuna and Chitrangada son name was Babruvahana. He was strong and powerful king of manipur. As Chitrangada was putrika , Arjuna couldn’t take her with him to Indraprastha and as per condition of marriage their son had to rule Manipura as heir to the throne. Chitrangada used to go to meet Arjuna and family on special occasions but rest of the time used to stay in her parents palace. Babruvahana later became king and once during Ashwamedha yagna caught horse of the ceremony. Arjuna came there and he went to welcome his father. Arjuna reminded him of Kshtriya honor and asked him to fight. He was hesitant to attack his father but when Arjuna instigated him he fought. Arjuna was mild and thus he won and was able to kill Arjuna. When he started crying Ulupi, his step mother came and consoled him. She said it was actually curse of Vasus and whole drama was to get rid of that curse. She then revived Arjuna by gem of their Naga clan.Note—The entire story of Vrishketu killed by Babruvhana and him challenging Arjuna is not present in Vyasa epic. As per epic there was no Vrishketu and Babruvahana killed no one. He loved his father and went to welcome him. It was Arjuna who started the fight. This fake story of angry Babruvahana was also shown by BR chopra but not in epic.	It's babruvahana,when babruvahana grows up he defeats Arjuna and kills him, then Krishna Brings back Arjuna back to life.	Babhruvahana	
What was the reaction of Salya when Karna was trying to pull the chariot wheel and when Karna was killed by Arjuna	What was the reaction of Shalya when-Karna was trying to pull the wheel of chariot?When Karna was killed by Arjuna?Before we come to the reactions of Shalya, we ought to know as to why did Shalya want liberty to speak any thing to Karna.The behaviour of Karna was not unknown to Shalya.Karna was equal to Shalya in every respect except for obvious Mace.Shalya told that according to him there are three things which a great warrior must avoid which make a great warrior the target of contumely.The warrior must avoid adoration to any single person.The warrior must avoid self aggrandizement if occasion is not there.The warrior must not underestimate the opponent.I don’t think, Shalya was wrong in his own definition of the great warrior but he had no right to impose his own understanding on any other warrior.But since he was asked to become the driver of Karna, Shalya was not wrong to think that Shalya was ranked as inferior warrior by Karna and Duryodhana did not understand Karna’s classification.I think Shalya is not wrong if Karna could mind the words of Bhishma for 10 days only on the ground that Bhishma rated him the Ardhrathi. Somehow Duryodhana convinced him.Now the braggings of Karna were intolerable to Shalya and since he was himself warrior, he could not tolerate Karna’s exhuberances like, O driver ride first on chariot you.O driver, I would slay Shri Krishna with all Pandavas. When Karna promised to Kunti that he would not hurt rest of four Pandavas except Arjuna then he should not have spoken the self forbidden names which by chance included the names of the nephews of Shalya himself and Shalya might have thought that his 100% of allegiance to Duryodhana was continuously but unnecessarily being fanned in the name of braggings. Naturally Shalya replied back in the stern way indirectly and the words reached to the tale of the Swans and the crow and About Madra women, etc.Now when Arjuna faced Karna, Karna asked Shalya as to what would he do if slain by Arjuna, Shalya replied that in that condition he would not spare Shri Krishna and Arjuna and kill Arjuna.Now if this is the commitment of Shalya then we should not harp on the earlier words given to Yudhisthira to down the energy.He guided Karna regarding the arrow that it would not hit the Arjuna in his chest.And Karna spoke which many people clap for the way of replying as if Karna was playing the role of an ideal person and ignoring the fact that had Karna targetted chest, Shri Krishna could not either have lifted the chariot or pushed down the chariot and surely the snakeshaped arrow would have done its job.When Karna was lifting the wheel, there was no chance of any reaction because to drive and to turn the chariot, driver is responsible but to alight and leave the warrior on the chariot before the foe, is not a commendable job for the driver especially when rule to getting down for the warrior himself is not treated loser is laid down.The wheel had gone so deep that to avoid falling both the warrior and the driver had to alight and the decision was for the warrior either to stop fighting by raising hands or asking the supplier to replace the chariot.Nothing was opted as if beside that moment , Karna never walked away from the front of the enemy.When Karna was killed, Shalya was not happy and as usual he only reminded his own words spoken to Karna before the death was just near to him and such words are never spoken to the man just near to the death point. He was near to weeping in telling Duryodhana.Thats all.“King is dead.Long live king.” was that period.	
Why was Arjun not wanted to fight with Duryodhan	Arjuna did fight Duryodhana and did beat him even when he was protected by divine invincible armor of Shiva by piercing him armor. But as Bhima had taken oath to kill him most of the guys from Pandavas side used to leave him after beating him including Satyaki, Abhimanyu and Gatotkacha and others. Even there is a scene where Yudhishthir breaks his bow , tears his armor but Bhima shouts from a distance that he would kill him and Yudhishthir stops.	
When did Krishna kill Abhimanyu	Krishna didn’t kill him but didn’t save him from death when he was trapped in chakravyuha because it is said that Abhimanyu was the reincarnation of Varchas, the son of the Moon god. When the Moon God agreed for his son to be incarnated on earth by the devas, he put a condition – his son would remain on earth only for 16 years as he could not bear to be separated from him any longer. Hence, this was to be the lifespan of Abhimanyu.	
Could Ramayana and Mahabharata be the exaggerated versions of true events to create compelling stories	Maybe, who knows?Let's say, maybe there was a great human being named Rama who was epitome of perfection that people started considering him above all and thus to prove their point they started exaggerating and telling the upcoming generation various stories, trying hard to convince them of his greatness as it is human nature to make the other person convince and agree with your own belief. And so the stories must've started. The love of the people for such a great being must've made them believe he is no less than god and hence you'll notice there are few stories which seem untrue as they can't happen in real life but it's given the reason that it was Satyug and thus so many magical things happened.Now let's see further,These magical things as we say happened to only those who had utmost faith in God. For instance, prahlad's story, Ahalya's story, all the powers which the sages had it was all because they were devotees of God and had blind trust in them.So maybe these stories happened ( whether true or not) so that people would start believing in God and his strength and love for his devotees and the reason to make people believe in God was so that they have something in their life which they can hold onto in their times of desperate needs and cling to it like hope.All these stories must've been made by our ancestors for mere mortals like us who even in their lowest times could hold onto something, for our own survival. And inorder to have a name to the hope we clinged to, these stories were made. Maybe, who knows?And as far as Mahabharata is concerned, I think it was made to bring us so many priceless teachings and morals which is still applicable in today's world. I personally believe Mahabharata to be the best teaching, and the stories must've been made to make them interesting to read and bring a fear in people so that atleast out of fear people did the right thing. Maybe it's truth, maybe they are all made up stories but all I know is it helps me through my worst days.	
Is the Mahabharata a very well written story after the Ramayana Is it historically true	Hello my dear friend ,If you go by the terms of avatar Lord shri Rama came first and the Lord shri Krishna so yes Mahabaratham came after ramayanam. Is it a story ? Let's analyseIs it humanly possible to write the Bhagavad-Gita all by a person's intellect - I don't think soIn age when there was no map or cartography how is it that locations mentioned in Mahabharata present in real life ?There are many such reasons which points to the fact that it can be historically true . This can draw a lot of criticism but when people are ready to believe in Atila and Alexander with mere textbook stories and landmarks they always question our own history and term it as a myth . So what you want to believe is up to you	
What are some best phrases you adore and get influenced form the Kuran the Bible the Gita or your sacred books	The dhimmi and kuffir drink alcohol and eat pork, which are unclean and defile the body. The Blessed Koran also states that dhimmi must pay jizya, which is currently being imposed by Allah’s (Subḥānahu wa-taʿālā) Caliphate.My favourite verses from the Holy Koran that demonstrate this:Koran (5:51): "O you who believe! do not take the Jews and the Christians for friends; they are friends of each other; and whoever amongst you takes them for a friend, then surely he is one of them; surely Allah does not guide the unjust people."Koran (9:29): "Fight against Christians and Jews until they pay the tribute readily, being brought low."Koran (2:65-66): "Christians and Jews must believe what Allah has revealed to Muhammad or Allah will disfigure their faces or turn them into apes, as he did the Sabbath-breakers."Let no kuffir or dhimmi claim that they are our equal. The Prophet Muhammad (S.A.W.) made it very clear.	
Did Sudama ask Krishna anything for himself	Hare Krishna.Please read the pastime.The Brahmana Sudama Benedicted by Lord KrsnaLord Kṛṣṇa, the Supreme Personality of Godhead, the Supersoul of all living entities, knows very well everyone's heart. He is especially inclined to the brāhmaṇa devotees. Lord Kṛṣṇa is also called brahmaṇyadeva, which means that He is worshiped by the brāhmaṇas. Therefore it is understood that a devotee who is fully surrendered unto the Supreme Personality of Godhead has already acquired the position of a brāhmaṇa. Without becoming a brāhmaṇa, one cannot approach the Supreme Brahman, Lord Kṛṣṇa. Kṛṣṇa is especially concerned with vanquishing the distress of His devotees, and He is the only shelter of pure devotees.Lord Kṛṣṇa was engaged for a long time in talking with Sudāmā Vipra about their past association. Then, just to enjoy the company of an old friend, Lord Kṛṣṇa began to smile, and asked, "My dear friend, what have you brought for Me? Has your wife given you some nice eatable for Me?" While He was addressing His friend, Lord Kṛṣṇa was looking upon him and smiling with great love. He continued, "My dear friend, you must have brought some presentation for Me from your home."Lord Kṛṣṇa knew that Sudāmā was hesitating to present Him the paltry chipped rice which was actually unfit for His eating, and understanding the mind of Sudāmā Vipra the Lord said, "My dear friend, certainly I am not in need of anything, but if My devotee gives Me something as an offering of love, even though it may be very insignificant, I accept it with great pleasure. On the other hand, if a person is not a devotee, even though he may offer Me very valuable things, I do not like to accept them. I actually accept only things which are offered to Me in devotion and love; otherwise, however valuable the thing may be, I do not accept it. If My pure devotee offers Me even the most insignificant things--a little flower, a little piece of leaf, a little water--but saturates the offering in devotional love, then I not only gladly accept such an offering, but I eat it with great pleasure."Lord Kṛṣṇa assured Sudāmā Vipra that He would be very glad to accept the chipped rice which he had brought from home, yet out of great shyness, Sudāmā Vipra hesitated to present it to the Lord. He was thinking, "How can I offer such insignificant things to Kṛṣṇa?" and he simply bowed his head.Lord Kṛṣṇa, the Supersoul, knows everything in everyone's heart. He knows everyone's determination and everyone's want. He knew, therefore, the reason for Sudāmā Vipra's coming to Him. He knew that, driven by extreme poverty, he had come there at the request of his wife. Thinking of Sudāmā as His very dear class friend, He knew that Sudāmā's love for Him as a friend was never tainted by any desire for material benefit. Kṛṣṇa thought, "Sudāmā has not come asking anything from Me, but being obliged by the request of his wife, he has come to see Me just to please her." Lord Kṛṣṇa therefore decided that He would give more material opulence to Sudāmā Vipra than could be imagined even by the King of heaven.He then snatched the bundle of chipped rice which was hanging on the shoulder of the poor brāhmaṇa, packed in one corner of his wrapper, and said, "What is this? My dear friend, you have brought Me nice, palatable chipped rice!" He encouraged Sudāmā Vipra, saying, "I consider that this quantity of chipped rice will not only satisfy Me, but will satisfy the whole creation." It is understood from this statement that Kṛṣṇa, being the original source of everything, is the root of the entire creation. As watering the root of a tree immediately distributes water to every part of the tree, so an offering made to Kṛṣṇa, or any action done for Kṛṣṇa, is to be considered the highest welfare work for everyone, because the benefit of such an offering is distributed throughout the creation. Love for Kṛṣṇa becomes distributed to all living entities.While Lord Kṛṣṇa was speaking to Sudāmā Vipra, He ate one morsel of chipped rice from his bundle, and when He attempted to eat a second morsel, Rukmiṇīdevī, who is the goddess of fortune herself, checked the Lord by catching hold of His hand. After touching the hand of Kṛṣṇa, Rukmiṇī said, "My dear Lord, this one morsel of chipped rice is sufficient to cause him who offered it to become very opulent in this life and to continue his opulence in the next life. My Lord, You are so kind to Your devotee that even this one morsel of chipped rice pleases You very greatly, and Your pleasure assures the devotee opulence both in this life and in the next." This indicates that when food is offered to Lord Kṛṣṇa with love and devotion and He is pleased and accepts it from the devotee, Rukmiṇīdevī, the goddess of fortune, becomes so greatly obliged to the devotee that she has to personally go to the devotee's home to turn it into the most opulent home in the world. If one feeds Nārāyaṇa sumptuously, the goddess of fortune, Lakṣmī, automatically becomes a guest in one's house, which means that one's home becomes opulent. The learned brāhmaṇa Sudāmā passed that night at the house of Lord Kṛṣṇa, and while he was there he felt as if he were living in a Vaikuṇṭha planet. Actually he was living in Vaikuṇṭha, because wherever Lord Kṛṣṇa, the original Nārāyaṇa, and Rukmiṇīdevī, the goddess of fortune, live is not different from the spiritual planet, Vaikuṇṭhaloka.The learned brāhmaṇa Sudāmā did not appear to have received anything substantial from Lord Kṛṣṇa while he was at His place, and yet he did not ask anything from the Lord. The next morning he started for his home, thinking always about his reception by Kṛṣṇa, and thus he became merged in transcendental bliss. All the way home he was simply remembering the dealings of Lord Kṛṣṇa, and he was feeling very happy to have seen the Lord.The brāhmaṇa began to think as follows, "It is most pleasurable to see Lord Kṛṣṇa, who is most devoted to the brāhmaṇas. How great a lover He is of the brahminical culture! He is the Supreme Brahman Himself, yet He reciprocates with the brāhmaṇas. He also respects the brāhmaṇas so much that He embraced to His chest a poor brāhmaṇa like me, although He never embraces anyone to His chest except the goddess of fortune. How can there be any comparison between me, a poor, sinful brāhmaṇa, and the Supreme Lord Kṛṣṇa, who is the only shelter of the goddess of fortune? And yet, considering me as a brāhmaṇa, He embraced me with heartfelt pleasure in His two transcendental arms. Lord Kṛṣṇa was so kind to me that He allowed me to sit down on the same bedstead where the goddess of fortune lies down. He considered me to be His real brother. How can I appreciate my obligation to Him? When I was tired, Śrīmatī Rukmiṇīdevī, the goddess of fortune, began to fan me, holding the cāmara whisk in her own hand. She never considered her exalted position as the first queen of Lord Kṛṣṇa. I was rendered service by the Supreme Personality of Godhead because of His high regard for the brāhmaṇas, and by massaging my legs and feeding me with His own hand, He practically worshiped me! Aspiring for elevation to the heavenly planets, or liberation or all kinds of material opulences, or perfection in the mystic yoga powers, everyone throughout the universe worships the lotus feet of Lord Kṛṣṇa. Yet the Lord was so kind to me that He did not give me even a farthing, knowing very well that I am a poverty-stricken man who, if I got some money, might become puffed up and mad after material opulence and so forget Him."The statement of the brāhmaṇa Sudāmā is correct. An ordinary man who is very poor and prays to the Lord for benediction in material opulence, and who somehow or other becomes richer in material opulence, immediately forgets his obligation to the Lord. Therefore, the Lord does not offer opulences to His devotee unless the devotee is thoroughly destitute. Rather, if a neophyte devotee serves the Lord very sincerely and at the same time wants material opulence, the Lord keeps him from obtaining it.Thinking in this way, the learned brāhmaṇa gradually reached his own home. But on reaching there he saw that everything was wonderfully changed. He saw that in place of his cottage there were big palaces made of valuable stones and jewels, glittering like the sun, moon and rays of fire. Not only were there big palaces, but at intervals there were beautifully decorated parks, in which many beautiful men and women were strolling. In those parks there were nice lakes full of lotus flowers and beautiful lilies, and there were flocks of multicolored birds. Seeing the wonderful conversion of his native place, the brāhmaṇa began to think to himself, "How am I seeing all these changes? Does this place belong to me, or to someone else? If it is the same place where I used to live, then how has it so wonderfully changed?"While the learned brāhmaṇa was considering this, a group of beautiful men and women with features resembling those of the demigods, accompanied by musical chanters, approached to welcome him. All were singing auspicious songs. The wife of the brāhmaṇa became very glad on hearing the tidings of her husband's arrival, and with great haste she also came out of the palace. The brāhmaṇa's wife appeared so beautiful that it seemed as if the goddess of fortune herself had come to receive him. As soon as she saw her husband present before her, tears of joy began to fall from her eyes, and her voice became so choked up that she could not even address her husband. She simply closed her eyes in ecstasy. But with great love and affection she bowed down before her husband, and within herself she thought of embracing him. She was fully decorated with a gold necklace and ornaments, and while standing among the maidservants she appeared like the wife of a demigod just alighting from an airplane. The brāhmaṇa was surprised to see his wife so beautiful, and in great affection and without saying a word he entered the palace with his wife.When the brāhmaṇa entered his personal apartment in the palace, he saw that it was not an apartment, but the residence of the King of heaven. The palace was surrounded by many columns of jewels. The couches and the bedsteads were made of ivory, bedecked with gold and jewels, and the bedding was as white as the foam of milk and as soft as a lotus flower. There were many whisks hanging from golden rods, and many golden thrones with sitting cushions as soft as the lotus flower. In various places there were velvet and silken canopies with laces of pearls hanging all around. The structure of the building was standing on first-class transparent marble, with engravings made of emerald stones. All the women in the palace were carrying lamps made of valuable jewels. The flames and the jewels combined to produce a wonderfully brilliant light. When the brāhmaṇa saw his position suddenly changed to one of opulence, and when he could not determine the cause for such a sudden change, he began to consider very gravely how it had happened.He thus began to think, "From the beginning of my life I have been extremely poverty-stricken, so what could be the cause of such great and sudden opulence? I do not find any cause other than the all-merciful glance of my friend Lord Kṛṣṇa, the chief of the Yadu dynasty. Certainly these are gifts of Lord Kṛṣṇa's causeless mercy. The Lord is self-sufficient, the husband of the goddess of fortune, and thus He is always full with six opulences. He can understand the mind of His devotee, and He sumptuously fulfills the devotee's desires. All these are acts of my friend, Lord Kṛṣṇa. My beautiful dark friend Kṛṣṇa is far more liberal than the cloud which can fill up the great ocean with water. Without disturbing the cultivator with rain during the day, the cloud brings liberal rain at night just to satisfy him. And yet when the cultivator wakes up in the morning, he considers that it has not rained enough. Similarly, the Lord fulfills the desire of everyone according to his position, and yet one who is not in Kṛṣṇa consciousness considers all the gifts of the Lord to be less than his desire. On the other hand, when the Lord receives a little thing in love and affection from His devotee, He considers it a great and valuable gift. The vivid example is myself. I simply offered Him a morsel of chipped rice, and in exchange He has given me opulences greater than the opulence of the King of heaven."What the devotee actually offers the Lord is not needed by the Lord. He is self-sufficient. If the devotee offers something to the Lord, it acts for his own interest because whatever a devotee offers the Lord comes back in a quantity a million times greater than what was offered. One does not become a loser by giving to the Lord, but he becomes a gainer by millions of times.The brāhmaṇa, feeling great obligation to Kṛṣṇa, thought, "I pray to have the friendship of Lord Kṛṣṇa and to engage in His service, and to surrender fully unto Him in love and affection, life after life. I do not want any opulence. I only desire not to forget His service. I simply wish to be associated with His pure devotees. May my mind and activities be always engaged in His service. The unborn Supreme Personality of Godhead Kṛṣṇa knows that many great personalities have fallen from their positions because of extravagant opulence. Therefore, even when His devotee asks for some opulence from Him, the Lord sometimes does not give it. He is very cautious about His devotees. Because a devotee in an immature position of devotional service may, if offered great opulence, fall from his position due to being in the material world, the Lord does not offer opulence to him. This is another manifestation of the causeless mercy of the Lord upon His devotee. His first interest is that the devotee may not fall. He is exactly like a well-wishing father who does not give much wealth into the hand of his immature son, but who, when the son is grown up and knows how to spend money, gives him the whole treasury house."The learned brāhmaṇa thus concluded that whatever opulences he had received from the Lord should not be used for his extravagant sense gratification, but for the service of the Lord. The brāhmaṇa accepted his newly-acquired opulence, but he did so in a spirit of renunciation, unattached to sense gratification, and thus he lived very peacefully with his wife, enjoying all the facilities of opulence as prasādam of the Lord. He enjoyed varieties of foodstuff by offering it to the Lord and then taking it as prasādam. Similarly, if by the grace of the Lord we get such opulences as material wealth, fame, power, education and beauty, it is our duty to consider that they are all gifts of the Lord and must be used for His service, not for our sense enjoyment. The learned brāhmaṇa remained in that position, and instead of deterioating due to great opulence, his love and affection for Lord Kṛṣṇa increased day after day. Material opulence can be the cause of degradation and also the cause of elevation, according to the purposes for which it is used. If opulence is used for sense gratification, it is the cause of degradation, and if it is used for the service of the Lord, it is the cause of elevation.It is evident from Lord Kṛṣṇa's dealings with Sudāmā Vipra that the Supreme Personality of Godhead is very, very pleased with a person is possessed of brahminical qualities. A qualified brāhmaṇa like Sudāmā Vipra is naturally a devotee of Lord Kṛṣṇa. Therefore it is said, brāhmaṇo vaiṣṇavaḥ: a brāhmaṇa is a Vaiṣṇava. Or sometimes it is said, brāhmanaḥ paṇḍitaḥ. Paṇḍita means a highly learned person. A brāhmaṇa cannot be foolish or uneducated. Therefore there are two divisions of brāhmaṇas, namely Vaiṣṇavas and paṇḍitas. Those who are simply learned are paṇḍitas, but not yet devotees of the Lord, or Vaiṣṇavas. Lord Kṛṣṇa is not especially pleased with them. Simply the qualification of being a learned brāhmaṇa is not sufficient to attract the Supreme Personality of Godhead. A brāhmaṇa must not only be well qualified according to the requirements stated in scriptures such as Śrīmad Bhagavad-gītā and Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam, but at the same time he must be a devotee of Lord Kṛṣṇa. The vivid example is Sudāmā Vipra. He was a qualified brāhmaṇa, unattached to all sorts of material sense enjoyment, and at the same time a great devotee of Lord Kṛṣṇa. Lord Kṛṣṇa, the enjoyer of all sacrifices and penances, is very fond of a brāhmaṇa like Sudāmā Vipra, and we have seen by the actual behavior of Lord Kṛṣṇa how much He adores such a brāhmaṇa. Therefore, the ideal stage of human perfection is to become a brāhmaṇa-vaiṣṇava like Sudāmā Vipra.Sudāmā Vipra realized that although Lord Kṛṣṇa is unconquerable, He nevertheless agrees to be conquered by His devotees. He realized how kind Lord Kṛṣṇa was to him, and he was always in trance, constantly thinking of Kṛṣṇa. By such constant association with Lord Kṛṣṇa, whatever darkness of material contamination was remaining within his heart was completely cleared away, and very shortly he was transferred to the spiritual kingdom, which is the goal of all saintly persons in the perfectional stage of life.Śukadeva Gosvāmī has stated that all persons who hear this history of Sudāmā Vipra and Lord Kṛṣṇa will know how affectionate Lord Kṛṣṇa is to the brāhmaṇa devotees like Sudāmā. Therefore anyone who hears this history gradually becomes as qualified as Sudāmā Vipra, and he is thus transferred to the spiritual kingdom of Lord Kṛṣṇa.Thus ends the Bhaktivedanta purport of the Second Volume, Twenty-sixth Chapter, of Kṛṣṇa, "The Brāhmaṇa Sudāmā Benedicted by Lord Kṛṣṇa".Krsna, The Supreme Personality of GodheadHare Krishna.	
If Arjuna could have killed Karna in a fair fight then why did he and Lord Krishna choose an unethical way	Thanks for A2AI think people just can not get this out of their minds even after most of us answer this irrelevant,false accusation.The battle that happened was one on one battle. Except protective army no other reputed warrior interfered after the actual battle began.Karna’s whole protection wing of soldiers were wiped off by Arjun .The battle went on with both the warriors prevailing over each other,exploring their skills .They both extracted the best out of each other and made the experience praiseworthy for the spectators.I already described the whole battle in many of my posts.Since your accusation rests on the unethical means adopted I will just answer that part..Last phase of the battleKrishna persuaded Arjuna to strike Karna with superior weapons.Then Arjuna became prepared to hurl Raudra weapon.The moment The Chariot Wheel….struckThe chariot wheel struck at this moment .Excerpt“Quickly alighting then from his vehicle, he seized his sunken wheel with his two arms and endeavoured to lift it up with a great effort. Drawn up with force by Karna, the earth, which had swallowed up his wheel, rose up to a height of four fingers’ breadth, with her seven islands and her hills and waters and forests. Seeing his wheel swallowed, the son of Radha shed tears from wrath, and beholding Arjuna, filled with rage he said these words, "O Partha, O Partha, wait for a moment, that is, till I lift this sunken wheel. Beholding, O Partha, the left wheel of my car swallowed through accident by the earth, abandon (instead of cherishing) this purpose (of striking and slaying me) that is capable of being harboured by only a coward. …”.Karna asked Arjuna to waitKarna bided time..Karna requested Arjuna to wait till he uplifts the wheel.Arjuna desists from hurling Raudra.Krishna refused to obligeExcerpt“Whither, O son of Radha, had this virtue of thine gone? Thyself addressing the princess Draupadi, that lady whose tread is as dignified as that of the elephant, in these words, viz., ‘The Pandavas, O Krishna, are lost. They have sunk into eternal hell. Do thou choose another husband!’ thou lookedest on the scene with delight. Whither then, O Karna, had this virtue of thine gone? Covetous of kingdom and relying on the ruler of the Gandharvas, thou summonedest the Pandavas (to a match of dice). Whither then had this virtue of thine gone? When many mighty car-warriors, encompassing the boy Abhimanyu in battle, slew him, whither had this virtue of thine then gone?”Krishna reminded Karna of his unrighteousness.The battle continued withThe astras and counter astrasKarna hurled Brahmastra and Arjuna countered it with his own.Arjuna hurled Agneyastra and Karna shot Varunastra.Karna Created clouds and Arjuna countered it with VayuvyastraKarna struck Arjuna on his chest and Arjuna swooned momentarily.( Bori deleted this part)Karna again attempted to lift the wheel ( Why?)ExcerptAvailing himself of that opportunity, the mighty car-warrior Vrisha, desirous of extricating his car-wheel that had been swallowed up by the earth, jumped down from his vehicle. Seizing the wheel with his two arms he endeavoured to drag it up, but though possessed of great strength, he failed in his efforts, as destiny would have it. Meanwhile the diadem-decked and high-souled Arjuna, recovering his senses, took up a shaft, fatal as the rod of Death, and called anjalika. Then Vasudeva, addressing Partha, said, "Cut off with thy arrow the head of this enemy of thine, viz., Vrisha, before he succeeds in getting upon his car."”Arjuna recovered so fast from his swoon and still Karna continues with his own endeavour( Why?)Karna used the time to attempt to uplift the car wheel. But Arjuna recovered so soon and was advised by Krishna thus “ “Throw him down before he get on his car”Arjuna struck the standard of Karna and it fell down.The Final momentWhen Partha took Anjalika in his hand The sages shouted “ Let peace be to universe”Anjalikastra..did the inevitable..Partha fixed that Anjalika arrow on Gandiva and said” If I ever gratified my elders If I did penance If I always listened to my elders then this shaft will slay Karna”Karna’s Falltadasya dehI satataM sukhoditaM; svarUpamatyarthamudArakarmaNaH |pareNa kRRichChreNa sharIramatyaja;dgRRihaM maharddhIva sasa~NgamIshvaraH || 25||sharairvibhugnaM vyasu tadvivarmaNaH; papAta karNasya sharIramuchChritam |sravadvraNaM gairikatoyavisravaM; gireryathA vajrahataM shirastathA || 26||How did it happen?Anjalikastra released by Partha blazed up all directions.That afternoon Karna’s head got separated from his body with the power of mighty AnjalikastraBoth Karna’s body and head separately fell down on earth.Unethical..how?Was Karna weaponless?….no.Karna fought with all his mettle..he even hurled Brahmastra.Karna was smart enough to understand Krishna’s intention. He won’t get time.His standard was struck. Still he chose to lift the wheel?Karna knew his curse won’t let the chariot wheel come out ..then why he was bent upon his futile attempt?Karna knew Arjuna will abide by Krishna’s decision. He won’t give time. He did not assure so obviously Karna should get ready to counter him..but he ignored and did his own thing.Karna could very well continue his attack ,standing on the ground..Srirama did that. Arjuna fought like that. It should not be a big deal for a warrior of his stature.Karna was fatally wounded by the time he met with his death.Arjuna did not kill Karna in Unethical way. Krishna clearly indicated they are not going to wait and Karna was not ignorant of that at all.Still Karna chose to lift the wheel which he knew won’t oblige.Who is at fault? Definitely not Arjuna or Krishna.Karna himself was responsible for his death..which was inevitable sooner or later.Foot NotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Karna Parva 67Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationKarna Parva Section 91	
What is the relation between Bhishma Pitamaha and Ganga	Bhishma is Ganga’s eighth son. Ganga gave birth to Ashta Vasus, who were cursed to be born on the earth. They were unhappy with the curse and requested Ganga to kill them as soon as they were born, so they could return to Vaikuntha, the abode of the Lord Vishnu. But the eighth of the Vasus could not escape the curse of the rishis, whom he had mocked.Ganga drowned the first seven of her sons, who were in fact, destined to get back to Vaikunta. The eighth of the Vasu, born Devavrata, was none other than the Bhishma Pitamah. He was called Bhishma because of the his stringent vows of celibacy and abdication, which he took to please Dasa Raja, the fisherman, whose daughter Satyavati his father Santanu wanted to marry. Upon taking the vows, dasaraja agreed to give away Satyavati in marriage to Santanu.A son sacrificing his youth for a father was unheard of in history, and pleased the Gods to an extent that they rechristened Devavrata as Bhishma and showered him with blessings.	
Where is it written that Duryodhana got heaven	FIRSTLY- DURYODHAN DID NOT GET ANY HEAVEN .. !Duryodhan like any criminal or evil person has done some good deeds to family n friends, so was allowed to enjoy brief heaven time..exactly by the time Yudhistir entered heaven he saw all the evil people enjoying heaven but there was no sign of his brothers or Draupadi..Upon enquiry..he found out they were rotting in hell for time being, for the minor crimes they committed n would be sent to heaven after being purged of sins. Yudhistir couldnt wait n went in search of them to hell voluntarily briefly experiencing hell , n thus clearing his doubtful debt of one debatable lie he ever said i.e about death of aswatthama. When he reached his brothers n draupadi , they all saw Duryodhan etc evil people coming to hell n they all left suddenly n appeared in heaven for rest of eternity.	
How can I get access to a complete Ramayana and Mahabharata I can only find the short versions everywhere Is it available online by a certain publisher or something	You can get Ramayana here:Welcome to Valmiki RamayanaValmiki RamayanaI am not sure if you can find Mahabharata in sanskrit as is. I have not searched for it. However, you can try Sanskrit Documents Collection : Home Page. Not sure if it does have though.If you can read telugu, http://ebooks.tirumala.org has complete 18 parvas of Andhra Mahabharatam. There are some sanskrit and hindi documents there as well. You can check.If you want to buy books, ensure that you buy a book based on the Valmiki Ramayana ONLY. There are numerous versions of Ramayana which are absolute nonsense. Mahabharata has been diluted only a bit, so mostly it will be safe.Good luck and God bless!	First you need to find authentic Ramayana and Maha Bharat.Every tom dick and harry is writing their own versions and losing track of what exactly happened.So I suggest find authentic source or else you will misunderstood the scriptures.Here are few suggestions on hearing/Reading Ramayana from my sideRamayana By HH Radhanath SwamiISKCON desire tree: RamayanaRAMAYANA: THE GAME OF LIFE -SHUBHA VILAS (Author)Amazon.in: Buy RAMAYANA: THE GAME OF LIFE -PACK Book Online at Low Prices in IndiaValmiki krit Ramayana By HH Bhakti Vikasa SwamiBuy Ramayana - The Story of Lord Rama Book Online at Low Prices in IndiaBuy Valmiki krit Ramayana Book Online at Low Prices in India(Hindi Version)For Maha Bharat I am not sure if you will get in detailed so I can not suggest.	Two TV serial done good job. .it is understood that their video as set is available in marketMahabharata with 1.4 lakh slokas was available. But for religioue beliefs it was not allowed in house .May be available in good old library.Publication may also be available.. Ramayana in its Different Religional version is available. Valmiki Ramayana in Sanskrit and Ramcharit Manas available.Geeta press Gorakhpur made it available at affordable cost and deluxe edition is also available. Contact them.	Deepak Kumar Jha's answer to Where can I get a complete translated version of Mahabharat?	You can buy it from Gita press , Gorakhpur. U can search online or buy directly from there bookstall available at every major railway stations.	Here is the link Valmiki RamayanaFor audio …. Search for srimad valmiki rayamayanam.	
Why did Karna dislike the Pandavas	Karna is not jealous at all and did not hate the Pandavas; according to BORI Karna never participated in the conspiracies of Duryodhana, Krishna admitted that Karna was free from jealousy, Karna praised Arjuna at some point of the war, Karna spared the other Pandavas by making his promise with Kunti which is a sign that I had personal problems with Bhima, Yudhisthira, Nakula and Sahadeva. Claro did not promise that he would not kill Arjuna, but Arjuna made a vow that he was going to kill him. Why would not one try to kill him in battle when he made that vow?Karna also made a vow to kill Arjuna which basically everyone knew, for someone who keeps his own promises can not promise another person not to kill him, because if he does he would lose the confidence that was gained from the kauravas since they would notice that Karna was not trying to kill Arjuna.Also, if Karna hated the Pandavas, why did the Brahmin bless him and even compare him to the sun's rays while Arjuna (or the Pandavas) were the symbol of darkness? Why was he allowed to go directly to the Vaikuntha to be an adytia if he was jealous or hated the Pandavas? since he would have to go to hell first but even if he was forgiven of his sins, how he got a place as a god as important as an adytia and why Arjuna did not get it if it was supposedly by the sinless Arjuna fans and it was only at Vaikubtha to praise Vishnu?Anyway, there are Arjuna fans who are acting as a comedian for not reading the authentic books and only read other versions that do not prove authenticity or believe that it is the authentic	Karna disliked only Arjuna for his archery skills and warrior ability.The society considered Karna as a root of the tree that was supposed to stay underground. If it comes out it shall be cut off.But Karna is infact the sun in the sky, nothing is above him.Arjuna had everything Karna wished for. So he disliked him.He never disliked other Pandavas, however he never liked them anyway.He praised Yudhistira as worthy to be a king to Krishna.He ignored the twins as they are inferior anyway.Bhima is a complete bully and angry elephant. No offense.He gave lives of 4 Pandavas to Kunti as donation.There is no one like Karna, he is unique.	Karna was student in Gurukul of Drona and Arjuna was topper of that school. Slowly karna became friend of Durydodhana who had problems with Pandavas and thus both developed animosity towards Pandavas. Karna was jealous of Arjuna and Duryodhana of Bhima. Both joined hands and karna went to Drona to get Brahmstra to counter Arjuna. Drona understood but as he was servant of Hastinapur couldn’t punish Duryodhana, he just made excuse of caste to Karna. Karna then went to Parshurama and came back to Duryodhana with Brahmastra. Then they planned Rangbhoomi drama and that irked Bhima who then insulted Karna. Thus a game of insults and counter insults started. Karna to gain more favors from Duryodhana and his friendship started actively participating in all their plans of killing pandavas. Karna dislike was all about Arjuna and surpassing him. That became an obsession with time.	A wicked guy always dislikes and is always jealous of those who people respect. Mr. Tirumalasaty forgot how badly karna insulted the 4 pandavas after defeating them. The most pitiful thing was he felt so proud of himself after defeating bhima only once but got hammered thrice. This clearly shows he disliked all 5 pandavas	I wont give a long answer. He did not disliked the pandavas, he disliked there fame the love they got from the public and there proficiency in weapons specially Arjuna’s in archery.	
Why did refuse to teach to Ekalavya	First thing is Ekalavy went for Devine weapons and not to learn Archery. He learned that from his father Hiranya dhanu.Second one is As per the rules of Archery only Brahmanas and princess are eligible to get them. Like a person who is eligible in the IAS that person WILL BE only became the distric collecter in the same way.	
Why can Indra which has become a bug hurt Karna with Kavacha	First of its not Indra, it was a demon called Dansh which attacked Karna.Second is Karna’s kawach was only covering the top half of the body i.e. from his neck to his waist. While the bug bit him in his thigh and sucked out blood.Another point is Karna was defeated many time's by many people.( Even though he was having Kavach and kundal).Even he was made uncounsious by Arjun.Above incidents shows that Karna was vulrenable and can be hurted or handicapped or even can be made unconscious.Kavach Kundal can only save Karna from death, but it can't make Karna undefeatable or cannot save him from getting hurted.	Kavacha is meant to protect from the arrows upper body and kundals from any black magic spell while Indra attacked him as a bug below belt, which are not attacked by yodas…	It was not Indra but a demon which was cursed as narrated by Narad. Had it been Indra Parshurama had cursed him for trickery. But it was not the case. That demon immediately appeared and left. The angle of Indra was brought by karna who in his narrative blamed it on Indra. Although he had seen the insect turning in a demon but because karna had belief that all bad to him happens because of Arjuan and his father he thought it was Indra. Although Narada had knowledge of all things and he confirmed it was not Indra but a demon. Even parshurama saw that incident.Indra was not a fool to do that stunt in presence of Parshurama and then show himself. He only did that armor trick but even that was caught earlier by Surya.	I don't think Indra ever became a bug to hurt Karna with kavacha, and do you assume Karna with kavacha was invincible?? No, Karna with his kavacha and kundala was defeated soundly by Arjuna and what to speak of Indra who is very powerful being Lord of Celestials.	
What was the language used for speaking and writing in India during the age of the Mahabharata	Let us remember that MAHABHARATA was a Mythology. How much is fact and fiction is difficult to ascertain.Vedvyas is credited with writing this great EPIC and in Sanskrit.The most revered of the HINDU scripture the BHAGAVAD GEETA as narrated by Krishna is in Sanskrit. One can assume that SANSKRIT should have been the language in usage in that society.PALI was another language of Sanskrit’s vintage.It is believed that it was the common man’s language but is now exint. Most Buddhist teachings are in Pali.	It is little difficult to answer.For education, research and science, no doubt sanskrit was the language used.For speaking, there were different languages but most of the north Indian kingdoms used Sanskrit for speaking. Wahik and other external states like gandhar, madr, there were different languages used for speaking. Even they were following another culture than vaidik culture. For more details you can refer to the discussion between Karna and Shalya when shalya was karn’s charioteer in karn parv chapter 45.	Sanskrit was the common language for writing as well as speaking all over Bharat.Other languages were used only for speaking in few kingdoms. Pali and Prakrit languages were developed later,they were corrupt form of Sanskrit.All present north Indian languages were born from Pali and Prakrit.	Different languages were used in different regions of this country.may be Sanskrit was the most popular one as far as writing is concerned.However,our later texts suggest that common man and even royal women too use to speak in different prakrits rather than Sanskrit.	The most common language was Sanskrit. Apart from that Tamil was very famous that tome and Hindi was emerging.	
What were Krishna s sister s names	Hare-KrsnaKrsna's sister name is -Subhadra DeviAnd she is called by various others names by her devotees such as -Durga, Bhadra-KaliVijaya, VaishnaviKumuda, CandikaKrsna, MadhaviKanyaka, MayaNarayani, CitraIsani, SaradaAmbika, Veera PatniVeera matha, Veera sodariMaa BhubaneshwarSubhadra is known as Veera sodari (brave sister), Veera Patni (brave wife) and Veera matha (brave mother) due to her relationship with Krishna, Arjuna and Abhimanyu respectivelyMaa Bhubaneshwari Is worshipped instead of Subhadra during her fever.Krsna's sister after chastising Kamsa in her multi-armed form while in the dungeon in Mathura, that supremely wonderful Goddess (Mahamaya) left that place to go to the Vindhya Hills to be worshipped in the forms of Durga, Bhadra-Kali, etc.As per Bhagavatam -namadheyani kurvanti sthanani ca nara bhu, durgeti bhadra-kaliti vijaya vaisnaviti ca kumuda candika krsna madhavi kanyaketi ca maya narayanisani saradety ambiketi ca (Srimad bhagavatam 10.2.11)TranslationIn different places on the surface of the earth, people will give you different names, such as Durga, Bhadra-Kali, Vijaya, Vaisnavi, Kumuda, Candika, Krsna, Madhavi, Kanyaka, Maya, Narayani, Isani, Sarada and Ambika.There are four principle sastras that mention Krsna's sister.Srimad BhagavatamHari-vamsaMahabharataBrahmanda Purana and Lalitha Sahasranama.Hari-vamsa :lebhe jyestham sutam ramam saranam satham eva ca, durdamam damanam svabhram pindarakam usinaram, citram nama kumarim cha rohini tanaya dasa, citra subhadra iti punar-vikhyata kuru-nandana - hari vamsa (1.35.5-6)TranslationVasudeva begot his eldest son Rama (Balarama) in Rohini; and their other sons are Sarana, Satha, Durdama, Damana, Svabhra, Pindaraka, and Usinara; O descendant of Kuru, they also had a daughter by the name of Citra, who is renowned by the name of Subhadra.Mahabharata :mamaisa bhagini partha saranasya sahodara, yadi te vartate buddhirvaksysmi pitaram svayam (Adi-parva 221.17)TranslationThis is my sister, O Partha, and born of the same mother as Sarana (this refers to Rohini, the mother of Sarana). May you be blessed. Her name is Bhadra and she is the favourite daughter of my father.According to her different attributes, she is called by different names -(Krsna's sister in the form of Durga chastising Kamsa, who tried to kill her)Subhadra is Yogamaya, The spiritual energy is called Yogamaya. And she had 16 different expansions. Out of these 16 expansions, Subhadra is one.The Mahamaya of the material energy is also an expansion of the energy of Yogamaya;and both Yogamaya and Mahamaya are equally important to Krsna as much as any government department is equally important for functioning the government.(Srila Prabhupada, Letter to Madhusudana – Montreal 29th July 1968)Subhadra – bhakti-svarupa.In Puri, due to her attribute, she is called as "Bhakti-Svarupa"The deities of Jagannath, Balarama and Subhadra are eternally situated in Goloka and that Jagannath Puri is non-different from Vrndavana.Purushotama Kshetra (Puri) is a separate compartment of Goloka where the Lord is eternally in the mood of separation from Radharani and Vrindavan.Subhadra Devi is Yoga maya in this dham. There is no maha Maya in the spiritual world of Goloka or on the earth in the dham.We (devotees) see as Lord Chaitanya was seeing in the mood of separation from Krsna. Subhadra is Krsna's sister who when entering Vrndavana at the birth of Krsna is yoga maya and then becomes maha Maya when going to Mathura.Very little is written about Subhadra other than She is yoga maya in Jagannath Puri.This Temple and this dham is never destroyed even at the time of universal devastation. The same temple and deities are simultaneously manifest in Goloka.This compartment of Goloka is very mysterious and is the place where Lord Chaitanya (an avatar of Krsna in the mood of Radharani) eternally crying in the madness of separation from Krsna.3 siblings transformed by Rohini’s Talks(Random found image, cool ain't it?)The Utkala-khanda of the Skanda Purana gives another account related to Krishna’s appearance as Jagannatha. (Utkala is the traditional name for Orissa.) Once, during a solar eclipse, Krishna, Balarama, Subhadra, and other residents of Dwaraka went to bathe in a holy pond at Kurukshetra.Knowing that Krishna would be there, Srimati Radharani, Krishna’s parents Nanda and Yashoda, and other residents of Vrindavana, who were burning in the fire of separation from the Lord, went to meet Him.Inside one of the many tents, the pilgrims had set up at Kurukshetra, Rohini - Lord Balarama’s mother, narrated Krishna’s Vrindavana pastimes to the queens of Dwaraka and others.The residents of Dwaraka are said to be in the mood of opulence (aishvarya), and they worship Krishna as the Supreme Lord. But the residents of Vrindavana are in the mood of sweetness (madhurya), and they have a confidential relationship with Krishna that surpasses awe and reverence because it is based on friendship and love.Rohini’s narration was thus extremely confidential, so she posted Subhadra at the door to prevent anyone from entering.Krishna and Balarama came to the door and stood on Subhadra’s left and right sides. While listening to Rohini’s narration of Krishna’s intimate Vrindavana pastimes, Krishna and Balarama became ecstatic, and Their internal feelings were exhibited externally.Their eyes became dilated, Their heads compressed into Their bodies, and Their limbs retracted. Seeing these transformations in Krishna and Balarama, Subhadra also became ecstatic and assumed a similar form. (This transformation is a symptom of "Mahabhava" etc - the highest mood of love and it indicates an extreme separation from beloved)Thus, by hearing about Krishna’s pastimes in Vrindavana, Krishna and Balarama, with Subhadra in between, displayed their ecstatic forms of Jagannatha, Baladeva, and Subhadra.Now, these brothers and sister sit in the altar of Puri which is located just beside the sea to bless everyone with a full heart.Puri - where siblings are worshipped.Generally, in the temple, we see husband-wife worship like Lakshmi-Narayana, Uma-Shankar or lord-bhakta worship like Ramanjineya (Hanumanji) but worshipping of siblings is most unique in the whole world.(3) mahambhodhes tire kanaka-rucire nila-sikhare, vasan prasadantah sahaja-balabhadrena balina, subhadra-madhya-sthah sakala-sura-sevavasara-do, jagannathah svami nayana-patha-gami bhavatu me” - “Kadacit kalindi tata vipina” /Sri Jagannatha-astakam by Adi Shankaracharya JiTranslation(3) On the shore of the great ocean, within a large palace atop the brilliant, golden Nilacala Hill, Lord Jagannatha resides with His powerful brother Balabhadra and His sister Subhadra, who sits between Them. May that Jagannatha Svami, who bestows the opportunity for devotional service upon all godly souls, be the object of my vision.Anyway, On this special occasion of Independence Day, may our dear sister of Krsna - Subhadra devi (who is non-different from Maya) give us eternal independence from Maya.Thus, all of us engage in service of the lord of the universe - Jagannatha with his dear siblings Balarama and Subhadra.(Parvathi Devi is the sister of Vishnu/Krsna)अयि गिरिनन्दिनि नन्दितमेदिनि विश्वविनोदिनि नन्दिनुते गिरिवरविन्ध्यशिरोऽधिनिवासिनि विष्णुविलासिनि जिष्णुनुते || भगवति हे शितिकण्ठकुटुम्बिनि भूरिकुटुम्बिनि भूरिकृते जय जय हे महिषासुरमर्दिनि रम्यकपर्दिनिशैलसुते ॥ १ -Mahissaasura-Mardini strotra by Adi ShankaracharyajiMeaning:(O Divine Mother, I invoke You and take refuge in Your Auspicious Feet)Salutations to You O Divine Mother, I Invoke You; Who is the Daughter of the Mountain; By Whose presence the whole World is filled with Joy; For Whom the whole World is a Divine Play and Who is Praised by Nandi,I Invoke You O Devi, Who Dwell on the Summit of the Vindhyas, the Best of the Mountains; Who give Joy to Lord Vishnu (as His sister) and Who is Praised by Lord Indra,O Goddess Bhagavati, Who is the Consort of the One with Blue Throat (Lord Shiva); Who has Many Many Relations in this World (being the Cosmic Mother) and Who has Created Abundance (in Creation),Victory to You, Victory to You, I take Refuge in Your Auspicious Feet, O the Destroyer of Demon Mahishasura; (Victory to You) Who Shine with Beautiful Locks of Hair and Who is the Daughter of the MountainHare-Krsna jai Radharamanaji	Subadhra	Krishna’s twin sister is Subhadra. His older brother is Balaram.	
How many sons does Lord Krishna have from his 16 108 wives	Lord Krishna had 16108 wives. He had 10 sons from each wife i.e 1,61,080 sonsThere were 8 prominent queens who are known as Ashtabharya. They are Rukmini, Satyabhama, Jambavathy, Nagnajithy, Kalindi, Mitravinda, Bhadra & Lakshmana.He had 16000 or 16100 wives who were kidnapped by the demon Narakasur (Bhaumasur) who was later killed by Krishna. Krishna accepted these rajkumaris as his wife.Rohini represented those wives.Famous sons of Krishna are Pradyumna and Samba.	16108 is a lie. He had two wives. Story of killing Narkasur etc is a lie.Krishna had two wives Rukmani and Satyabhama.16 is the art he was master of and he had 108 names hence after distortion it became 16108.	
What is the exact manner of Bhishmas defeat at the hands of Arjuna	If you are talking about the final battle then let me point out important events of the day. Be patient as reading short summary will again be like watching TV and it won’t be justice to one great showdown. It was not battle between Arjuna and Bhishma or Bhishma vs Shikandi. It was battle between kaurava army and Arjuna for Bhishma grand farewell.On that fateful day Pandavas placed shikandi at forefront and attacked Bhishma. Shikandi was on a separate chariot not on Arjuna chariot as popularly believed. On other hand Bhishma led kaurava forces and he was also surrounded by all Maharathis of kauravas forces to protect Bhishma.Shikandi attacked Bhishma but Bhishma did not care about him and refused to fight. Shikandi again challenged him to death. Arjuna seeing this motivated Shikandi to attack Bhishma and assured him of his protection.It did not take long for Kauravas to realize that shikandi was becoming obstacle for Bhishma and thus removing him became priority for them. Seeing shikandi failing against Bhishma Krishna urged Arjuna to overcome his emotions and fight Bhishma. Bhishma started routing Pandavas avoiding Shikandi. contrary to popular perception he did not drop his weapon but was fighting properly however Shikandi intervention was at times blocking his usual pace.No body could check Bhishma who was avoiding Shikandi but killing others. Arjuna then came and started destroying Kaurava warrior and protection of Bhishma. Now, it became a slug fest. From both sides warriors rushed to kill and protect Bhishma. Pandavas warriors like Abhimanyu, Gatotkach, Dristhdyuma, Virata all rushed but were stopped by like of Kritverma, Durmuka, Drona, Alambusha and others.Drona was clear what they planned and knew that it must be stopped. on other side Bhima was fighting ten powerful warriors and repulsing them. Then Arjuna and Bhima started handling everyone to break the ranks and single out Bhishma. Bhishma protection now became priority for Kauravas as he was their great hope.We witnessed Partha’s extraordinary valour in the battle. He used his arrows to restrain and strike all the warriors in your army. On seeing that Bhima and Arjuna were united, your son was frightened and quickly rushed towards Gangeya’s chariot, in great fear. Kripa, Kritavarma, Saindhava Jayadratha and Vinda and Anuvinda from Avanti were the ones who did not give up the battle then. In the encounter, Bhima, the great archer, and maharatha Phalguna crushed the army of the Kouravas in terrible fashion. In the encounter, tens ofthousands and millions of arrows were quickly showered down on Dhananjaya’s chariot. The maharatha repulsed that net of arrowsThen Bhishma and Arjuna started destroying each other forces and after some time Bhishma said these words to yudhishthir.O son! O descendant of the Bharata lineage! I am extremely disgusted with this body of mine. I have spent a lot of time in slaying a large number of beings in battle. Therefore, place Partha at the forefront, with the Panchalas and the Srinjayas. If you wish to do that which brings me pleasure, make endeavours to kill meBhishma was thinking of death and wanted it at hands of Arjuna. It was his way of getting a great farewell as Bhishma valued Arjuna the most and it was his wish and also his honor that no one lesser than his stature could kill him. On one hand he had decided to quit but on other side Grandpa was in no mood to give it easy. Contrary to him not fighting on TV , real Bhishma was continuously killing warriors of pandavsa even then.Arjuna again asked shikandi to kill Bhishma now but Duryodhana asked all his army to go and slay him and protect Bhishma. Kaurava warriors attacked Pandavas but were repulsed except Dushshana. He valiantly struck back all warriors and started creating problems for them. Seeing that Arjuna came forward and defeated him. He then started all of those who came forward to save BhishmaHe pierced Kripa, Shalya and Vikarna with many iron arrows. Kounteya, borne on white steeds, deprived them of their chariots. O venerable one! Havingbeen deprived of their chariots and having been vanquished in battle by Savyasachi, these five—Kripa, Shalya, Duhshasana, Vikarna and Vivimshati—fled. O king! Having defeated those maharathas in the forenoon, Partha blazed in the battle, like a fire without any smoke.Bhishma then showed his anger and started attacking all of the kings and there life became endangered except shikandi whom Bhishma won’t attack as such. He did broke his bow though but more or less we can safely conclude that he did was able to avoid him.Seeing this Krishna said this to ARjunaOn witnessing his valour, Madhusudana, the son of Devaki, affectionately spoke these words to Dhananjaya. ‘This Bhishma, Shantanu’s son, is stationed between the two armies. Kill him with your power and become victorious. He is shattering our soldiers there. Go anduse your strength to repulse him there. O lord! No one other than you is capable of withstanding Bhishma’s arrows.’Arjuna hearing this then rushed to save all of themking! The one with the monkey on his banner was incited at that moment. He used his arrows to make Bhishma, his standard, his chariot and his horses disappear. But the bull, the foremost among the Kurus countered Pandava’s arrows with his own torrent of arrows and dispersed the many showers of arrows that had been targeted towards him. O great king! The valiant Dhrishtaketu, the king of Panchala, Pandava Bhimasena, Parshata Dhrishtadyumna, the twins, Chekitana, the five from Kekaya, Satyaki,Subhadra’s son, Ghatotkacha, Droupadi’s sons, Shikhandi, the brave Kuntibhoja,Susharma, Virata and many other immensely strong ones among the Pandaveyas wereoppressed by Bhishma’s arrows and were immersed in an ocean of grief. Phalguna rescuedthem. With great force, Shikhandi grasped a supreme weapon. Protected by Kiriti, he dashedtowards Bhishma. Knowing what must be done in the battle, the victorious Bibhatsu killed all the followers and himself rushed against Bhishma.Then a battle happened between two greatest warriors of all times. Arjuna severed Bhishma bow one by one. Angry Bhishma picked up his Javelin and attacked Arjuna which Arjuan destroyed.Bibhatsu laughed and drew back the Gandiva bow. Hepierced Gangeya with twenty-five kshurapras. Dhananjaya was enraged and again swiftly struck him all over the body with one hundred arrows that penetrated all his inner organs. In the great battle, the others also wounded him severely. But these gold-tufted arrows, sharpened on stone, did not cause him the slightest bit of pain. Placing Shikhandi at the forefront, the wrathful Kiriti attacked Bhishma and severed his bow once again. He pierced him with ten arrows and sliced down his standard with one. He struck his charioteer with ten arrows and made him tremble. Gangeya took up another bow that was stronger still.In that great battle, in the twinkling of an eye and as soon as that other bow was taken up,Dhananjaya severed it into three with sharp and broad-headed arrows. In this fashion, he severed many bows.At this juncture Bhishma gave up as if he was waiting for this moment and spoke this to DushashanaThis maharatha Pandava Partha is enraged in the battle. In this encounter, he has shot many thousands of arrows towards me. No one is capableofvanquishing him in battle, not even the wielder of the vajra. No brave one is capable ofdefeating me, the gods, the danavas and the rakshasas, not to speak of extremely weak mortals.He then again pointed out to the arrows piercing his body and said.These are like vajra and thunder to the touch. They are sharp at the tip and have been released well. They have been shot in a continuous stream. These cannot be Shikhandi’s arrows. They have penetrated my firm armour and have mangled my inner organs. They have struck me with the force of clubs. These cannot be Shikhandi’s arrows. They are like Brahma’s staff to thetouch. They possess the force of the vajra and are impossible to resist. They are robbing me of my life. These cannot be Shikhandi’s arrows.All the kings together cannot cause me any grief.The only exception is the brave Jishnu, the wielder of Gandiva and with the monkey on his banner.Bhishma then picked up a javelin but was destroyed by Arjuna and then a sword and a shield he decided to march towards phalguna but again it was destroyed. Then volleys of arrows pierced the body of that great soul and he fell and so did the hopes of kauravas to win the battle.SummaryPandavas placed shikandi at forefront to kill Bhishma.Kauravas rushed to protect him and both armies fought.Arjuna came and defeated them all and brought Shikandi closer to Bhishma.Bhishma avoided Shikandi but attacked all others including Arjuna.Finally Bhishma decides to quit and then Arjuna also pierces his bodyBhishma happily says to Dushshana that his favorite grandson has now pierced him and he was happySourcesBORI CE as translated by Bibek debroy.	
Where was Parshuram during the Mahabharata War Did he participate in the war	No. There is no mention of this great avatar in that battle. There is no mention of where he was either during the battle. To the best of my knowledge, after the encounter with Bhishma and later on after cursing Karna, he is not heard of again. Even earlier , after the encounter with Sri Rama, he disappears never to be heard of again in Valmiki's Ramayana.	
Can a manga based on Karna from Mahabharat do well in Japan or Japanese audience	It is the story and the way you depict it that matters but one more thing is required to make a manga a hit and that is the SUSPENSEMy dear friend ,karna was a awesome personal with everything fit to be a hero ,also story has everything ,the fight,the character building and everything requiredBut ,Here comes a bummer ,we know many things about karna ,we know his story and may be somethings we didn't know but we know major events and so their is no suspense for usAnd ,the japanese people are people just like us ,curious ,,,,, I mean they will also try to search what will happen next in the manga chapter yet to release and they will get everything on internet previously available so no suspense factor their	
How was Bhim justified in killing Vikarna	He was not. Vikarna was the only sane person in that hall of madness who opposed to Draupadi being disrobed. But as expected, he was hushed. On day 14 of the war when Bheem helps Arjun tear apart a laybrinthe Vyuha formed by Dronacharya, he encounters Vikarna. Remebering his opposition at the hall, he refuses to fight him and offers to let him go. However, it is the ever-righteousness Vikarna who points out to him that he did not do anything extraordinary at the dice game by speaking up against the illtreatment meted out to his sister-in-law and that it was merely his duty, just like it is his duty now to wholeheartedly fight like a true warrior on the battlefield. Bheem, having little say in the matter, reluctanlty fights him, overpowers him and finally kills him. Vikarna is the only Kaurava brother on whose death Bheem weeps.	Vikarna was the son of Dhritrastra and Bhima vowed to kill all the sons of Dhritrastra.It was the habit of Bhima to always tell to the people as how did he kill all the sons of the blind king and one day after listening him saying so, Dhritrastra and her wife Gandhari stopped taking food which Yudhisthira came to know when Dhritrastra asked for permision to go to forest leaving the royal house and comforts.Having been alive, some day or other, Vikarna would also was to hear such discussions.Blood is thicker and it can boil too.So what could have been done later, was done earlier.Though at that time Bhima mourned his death but had he been left to live and would be killed later, The death of Vikarna could not have been mourned by the killer Bhima.Whatever happened, it happened for the good.	Just like killing Bhisma , Drona , Abhimnyu , Ghatochkoch , bhusavara s , was justified . Please note that all these people were neutral and liked equally both sides , Bhisma , Drona were purest humans as acknoledged by Krishan himself & never discriminated among cousins and tried preventing the war and conferments at best as possible . Abhimanyu was known to be best friend of Laxmana son of Duryodhana . Both die fighting each other in chakravyuh.The great war was war on dharma , Pandavas carried more dharma than Kaurvas so whoever fought from adharma was to be vanquished . Vikarana supported Duryodhana for war , he did object kulvadhu Druapadi disrobing but that was only best part of Vikarna . Yuyutsu step brother of Kauravas joined Pandava camp and survived the great war .Bhima had vowed to kill all Kaurava brothers , so he needed to kill Vikarana too. killing him was most painful to Bhima and he curses himself in doing so . Bhima cries after death of Vikarana.	Apart from the fact that they were on opposite sides and Vikarna challenged Bheema, chose to fight bravely and die as a martyr than abandon his brother resulting in the fight, nothing.Vikarna was some one who did what he thought was right - opposing Draupadi's insult in the assembly hall or not abandoning his side in the war.	How was anyone justified in killing the innumerable foot soldiers on either side? They killed them simply because they fought on the other side. The same is true for Bhim and Vikarna. There is no justification except that Vikarna fought for Duryodhan.	How can anyone justify killing millions of people in this war just because the conflict of two families? So don't worry only because of Vikarna, Mahabharat is way beyond any individual.	
Why is the time period associated with epics like Ramayana and Mahabharata not epic	Mahabharat — 4000 BCE(approximately)Ramayan— 5114 BCE(as per ISERVE)Ramayan and Mahabharat happened in quick succession. Because there were many common characters.Maharishi Bharadwaj who was father of Acharya Drona was also one of the teachers of Lord Ram. Sage Valmiki was the teacher of Sage Bharadwaj who wrote Ramayan.Grandson of Sage Vasishtha (one of the teachers of Shri Ram) was Rishi Parasar whose son Veda Vyas wrote Mahabharat.Lord Parsuram(when he was old) who was teacher of Bheeshma, Drona, Kripa, Karna. Had killed Kartivirarjun who had defeated Ravan. Same Parsuram went to court where Shri Ram broke the mughty bow of Shiva to test who he is.Jamvantha who fought in army of Shri Ram his daughter married Lord Krishna.We can see the connection in Mahabharat and Ramayan. Difference is of one or two generation.	
Why is Indra shown as a womanizer in Hindu epics other than the Vedas	Lord Indra was the supreme deity according to Rigveda and vedic times. His weapon Vajra was very powerful. Vajra was a weapon or deity in all the oldest civilizations of the world. Lord Shiva or Vishnu were nowhere. Buddhism and Jainism adopted Lord Indra and he was the main deva . Hinduism was in decline. Buddhism and Jainism flourished, remember these two were mostly anti to brahminical hierarchy or supremacy. They are reform oriented and are against ritualistic religion. They don't accept Vedas as the supreme word. There were many wars between Hindu kings and Buddhist kings, Jainism Vs Buddhism, Hinduism Vs Jainism. All that changed when Guptas came to power. Again Hinduism attained it's superior status. That's why brahminical historians call Gupta period in Indian history as the Golden period. Pali and Prakrut language declined and again Sanskrit became the language of scriptures. Most of the Sanskrit scriptures are re-written, new scriptures written in Guptas period. The so-called supreme deity was down graded and later made into a laughing stock as he was successfully adopted by Jainism and Buddhism.	Well, Let's get the fundamental things right….INDRA is not a name…It's a position (The highest,The king of Gods) occupied by the gods/demi-gods.Generally a person with highest power(Spiritual(???),Physical,Mental etc.) is appointed as INDRA..Present INDRA maybe different from the one who was there in those times.It was(is??) a rumour that a king who performs 100 Ashwameda Yaga will become the successor to INDRA renouncing all his present names,family and lifestyle.(Easy Bargain:))It's said that Bali was unsuccessful in his 100th Yaga after the THEN INDRA manipulated and controlled the thoughts of his wife and led to her blasphemy which led to the 100th Yaga becoming unsuccessful..Now,let's get to the question…In the Vedas when you refer and praise INDRA you are praising the position of INDRA ..Whosoever is the occupant of the position (doesn't matter) will be given the havis (respect/praise/hymn)But in the other stories in which INDRA is depicted as womanizer..It speaks about that person who was INDRA at that time..who misused his power to gain his lowly pleasure…	Because Indra is the name of ultimate Divine concept in the oldest Vedas.As the later scriptures were in a state of cult based sectarianism, or in a state of politicized dogmatic polytheism, they wanted to popularize their myths and mythical characters, which they thought to be “different” from Divine concepts in Vedas. (For dogmatic polytheists, unlike henotheists, never know of any unity in divine expression) For this, they hunted down, or censored the Vedic divinities one by one. Mitra, Aśvins, Aryaman, Bhaga, Pūṣan, Savitar etc. were censored. Several others like Sarasvatī, Rudra, Viṣṇu, were equated to something else. Agni, Parjanya, Vāyu, etc. became mere nature gods. Even the mighty Varuṇa was reduced to being lord of waters. And Indra just as an over proud king (perhaps modeling the reality of stupid kings of their times) of this class of “gods”.But Indra couldn’t be censored, for he is puruhūta in Vedas and Brahmanic religion. People would still worship him, as he was worshiped as a god even in Tamil Nadu, during the annual indra vizha. A Krishna tried his best during medieval ages in North India, to stop it. And Puranas tried their best to promote their sectarian gods to belittle “Indra”, whom they saw as a rival god of olden times.Fake legends were written, as is the norm of these works, on Indra, so that people won’t ever think of Indra. Also, Vedas were more and more censored. Vedic Brahmanism was ridiculed.Somehow, they were successful, but alas, Indra is not that weak. He has sent me now to expose the creators of these cults which are based up on crude demonization, differentiation and denigration of other divine concepts, which they see as rival gods. ;)Syāmed indrasya śarmaṇi. :)	Over time, the Vedic gods were auperseded by the Puranic gods. So, Indra was shown as not worthy of being godly, by showing his humab like weaknesses.For a better answer, you should ask the Vedic fundamentalist on Quora, whose name I would not like to take. I presume he will see this answer and write an answer himself.	
Who would win in a fight between Achilles and Karna	KarnaKarna is flexible, very strong, independant.Most other warriors cannot stand before him.But…he keeps losing to Arjuna again and again, until he loses his very life.AchillesHe never had to prove that he was the strongest warrior on both sides of the battle.He did not have an equal, and everybody he tried to kill, including Hector, he did kill.In a sense, Achilles is the kind of warrior that Lord Krishna was convincing Arjuna to be in Bhagavad Gita.He had no reservation, no regret, no guilt, no doubt.The ultimate warrior concerned only with finishing his conquest and getting his revenge.Conclusion: Achilles and Karna both died, but Achilles completed his goal and Karna failed at his.Achilles is clearly the equivalent of ArjunaKarna, with his brutal strength and skill is more reminiscent of Ajax, the second strongest of the Greek warriors.	If Karna knows about Achilles' heel, then Karna would win. If he doesn't, then Achilles would win.	
Did Arjuna get defeated by the Sandhava foot soldier with proof	Thanks for A 2 A.Before answering the question ,I would like to admit that I never post anything without providing reference. I won’t do so. Whatever the Epic said after checking prominent Sanskrit versions I will present my view.So I will elaborately answer this as per the Epic.Arjuna went to Sindhudesh,when he accompanied the horse ( Ashwamedha horse) .King Of Sindhudesh Jayathratha was killed in war on 14 th day by Arjun.When Sindhu warriors heard of his arrival they became revengeful and attacked him in large numbers.Advancing against Vibhatsu who waited on foot, armed with his bow, upon the sacrificial steed, they assailed him from a near point.Arjuna was standing on the ground,bow in hand and all his rivals attacked him from a nearer point.Pouring showers of arrows of such fierce energy as were capable of impeding the course of hostile elephants, those heroes surrounded the son of Kunti, desirous of vanquishing him in battle.They surrounded him and showered fierce arrows on him.Themselves seated on cars, they fought Arjuna of fierce feats who was, on foot. From every side they began to strike that hero, that slayer of the Nivatakavachas, that destroyer of the Samasaptakas, that killer of the king of the Sindhus.They were on chariots but Arjun was not. So standing on ground , he was receiving arrows from all directions.Over-whelmed with that arrowy shower, Arjuna looked like the sun covered by a cloud. That foremost son of Pandu, in the midst of that cloud of arrows, resembled a bird in the midst of an iron cage,He was like a bird in a cage and Sun covered by cloudsO Bharata. Seeing the son of Kunti thus afflicted with shafts, cries of Oh and Alas were uttered by the three worlds and the Sun himself became shorn of his splendour. Then, O king, a terrible wind began to blow, and Rahu swallowed up both the Sun and the Moon at the same time.Nature started showing the signs of anxiety. Whenever good is overwhelmed by bad nature reacts. Sun lost his lustre,Fierce winds blew all around,Rahu swallowed Sun and the moon.The prince of mountains, viz., Kailasa, began to tremble. The seven (celestial) Rishis, as also the other Rishis of Heaven, penetrated with fear, and afflicted with grief and sorrow, breathed hot sighs.Kailasa trembled.Seven Rishis prostrated with fear.All other Rishis also sighed heavily.All these and many more calamities happened.Overwhelmed by that dense cloud of arrows, Arjuna became stupefied. His bow, Gandiva, fell down from his relaxed grip and his leathern fence also slipped down.Arjuna stood stupefied,his Gandiv fell from his grip. He was in a state of unconsciousness.When Dhananjaya became stupefied, the Saindhava warriors once more shot at that senseless warrior, without loss of time, innumerable other shaftsAgain the soldiers showered arrows.. Understanding that the son of Pritha was deprived of consciousness, the deities, with hearts penetrated by fear, began to seek his welfare by uttering diverse benedictions. Then the celestial Rishis, the seven Rishis, and the regenerate Rishis, became engaged in silent recitations from desire of giving victory to Pritha's son of great intelligence.Then the deities ,seven Rishis and others chanted mantras seeking Arjuna’s welfare.When at last the energy of Partha blazed forth through those acts of the denizens of Heaven, that hero, who was conversant with celestial weapons of high efficacy, stood immovable like a hill.Arjuna got back his consciousness and stood stoic as ever.The delighter of the Kurus then drew his celestial bow. And as he repeatedly stretched the bowstring, the twang that followed resembled the loud sound of some mighty machine.Then Arjuna stretched his bowstring and the sound thundered around.Like Purandara pouring rain, the puissant Arjuna then, with that bow of his, poured incessant showers of shafts on his foes. Pierced by those shafts the Saindhava warriors with their chiefs became invisible like trees when covered with locusts.Arjuna showered arrows like Indra showering rain and those soldiers became invisible in the shower.They were frightened at the very sound of Gandiva, and afflicted by fear they fled away. In grief of heart they shed tears and uttered loud lamentations.Those foot soldiers fled away shedding tears in grief.The mighty warrior moved amidst that host of foes with the celerity of a fiery wheel, all the time piercing those warriors with his arrows.Arjuna,the lone warrior moved among them showering arrows continuously.Like the great Indra, the wielder of the thunder-bolt, that slayer of foes, viz., Arjuna, shot from his bow in every direction that shower of arrows which resembled a sight produced by magic (instead of any human agency). The Kaurava hero, piercing the hostile host with showers of arrows, looked resplendent like the autumnal Sun when he disperses the clouds with his powerful rays.'"He was like Indra.Arjuna showering arrows in all directions created magic for the onlookers.Just like Autumn Sun that disperses clouds,Arjuna dispersed his rivals,the Foot soldiers of Sindhu desh.Then What happened?Arjuna remembered the words of his Eldest..not to kill the Kshatriyas but to defeat them. He warned them and asked them to surrender by saying “we are defeated.”But those Sindhu soldiers again rushed at him pouring arrows. Arjuna got angry and the result!Some of them fled,some stood stupefied while others lost their lives by attacking him.ExcerptThe Saindhavas then, O king, shot hundreds and thousands of straight arrows at the wielder of Gandiva. Dhananjaya, with his own whetted shafts, cut off those arrows of sharp and terrible points, resembling snakes of virulent poison, before they could come up to him. Having cut off those sharp arrows equipt with Kanka feathers, Arjuna pierced each of the warriors opposed to him with a whetted shaft. The Saindhava Kshatriyas, recollecting that it was Dhananjaya who had slain their king Jayadratha, then hurled at him darts and javelins with great force. The diadem-decked Dhananjaya of great might baffled their intent by cutting off all those weapons before any of them could reach him. At length the son of Pandu became highly angry. With many straight and broad-headed arrows, he felled the heads of many of those warriors who were rushing at him from desire of victory. Many fled, many rushed at Arjuna; many moved not, all of them, however, uttered such aloud noise (of wrath and grief) that it resembled the roar of the ocean. As they were slain by Partha of immeasurable might, they fought him, each according to his strength and prowess. Their animals being all exhausted, Partha succeeded in depriving a large number of those warriors of their senses by means of his sharpest shafts in that battle. Then Dussala, their queen, the daughter of Dhritarashtra, knowing that they were rendered cheerless by Arjuna, took her grandson in her arms and repaired to Arjuna.By the time Dussala arrived at the battlefield with her grandson,Some soldiers fled,many were deprived of their senses by Partha’s shafts.Precisely this was what happened when the footsoldiers Of Sindhu desh attacked Arjuna in large numbersSequence of happeningsArjuna was surrounded by thousands of footsoldiers who showered arrowsArjuna stood stupefied. Gandiv fell from his hand.Devas and sages meditated.Arjuna got back to senses and thrashed and annihilated those soldiers.What was the intention behind the question? Here are my answers for all the intended questions.Arjuna became unconscious.So? When thousands of people suffocate you and attack you,any one will get into stupor. Why can’t Arjun! He is a human. His body reacted as per his human nature. So many warriors became unconscious in wars but that doesn’t mean it was the end of the fight. In the final battle Karna and Arjuna both had undergone this stupification. It is a common occurance in battle.Devas and sages prayed for him..and he got back his consciousness.When Arjuna went into that state nature reacted wildly. Sages and devas meditated Why?8th chapter’s 15 verse. Manu smriti saysDharma ēva hato hanti dharmo rakṣati rakṣitaḥ.Tasmāddharmo na hantavyo mā no dharmo hato’vadhīt.Those who protect ‘Dharma’ will be protected themselves.They prayed not because he was Indra’s Son. Not because he was the brother of king Yudhishtir.They did so because he was the protector of dharma. In his victory lies the victory of dharma.This was the reason Devas and sages always stood by him.When Arjuna battled Karna all the positive forces including Mahadev and Brahma stood on his side.How did the meditation help?Meditation done with a good cause sends positive vibrations and thereby help the person get back his energy and power.Arjuna got back his energy in this way.I don’t bother if any one thinks he got Devine help. Rather I feel proud. The Seven Sages won’t do this for any one or everyone. It is Arjun…They need him to uphold dharma. I am elated.Defeat?Whoever think so without reading the Epic narration are free to have their own take on this..Arjuna was bound by his brother’s word..to not kill Kshatriyas. Otherwise it won’t take a Kshan to root them all By the time Dussala came the Foot soldiers were in pathetic state. If that and losing conscious ness is considered defeat by some people,let it be..it won’t bother me at all.Finally the proof..Ofcourse this narration is from KMG and I am providing verses from Bori also. Enough I think.These were the verses that describe his stupor.tasya tenAvakIrNasya sharajAlena sarvashaH |mohAtpapAta gANDIvamAvApashcha karAdapi || 21||tasminmohamanuprApte sharajAlaM mahattaram |saindhavA mumuchustUrNaM gatasattve mahArathe || 22|These were the verses that describe Dussala’s arrival and the pathetic state of soldiers. I will provide chapter numbers ..so that the whole Event can be read.By the way the caption for this part.was “ Saindhava Parajayah”Defeat Of Saindhavas..That itself offered the answer to the question .FootnotesBori Critical Edition Sanskrit version Aswamedhika Parv Ch 76, 77Kisari Mohan Ganguli English translation Aswamedhika Parv Section LXXVII,LXXVIIIManusmriti Ch 8 verse 15	
Did Draupadi really used a vitriolic language against Karna in her Swayamvara She had the right to refuse marrying Karna but she could have done it in a humble way rather than calling him sutaputra	Thanks Dhariniji for asking but I already answered this question.I wish you should have read the answers related to this never ending query.Nevermind,I would clarify it again and I hope you will understand the reality..Draupadi did not reject Karna. He failed in the Swayamvara.Authentic Sanskrit versions clarified the fact.I answered it by presenting references in my post..Here they areProof from Southern Edition KumbhakonamExcerpttato vaikartanaH karNo vR^iShA vai sUtanandanaH .dhanurabhyAshamAgamya tolayAmAsa taddhanuH .. 1\-202\-34 (8970)taM chApyAropyamANaM tadromamAtre.abhyatADayat .trailokyavijayI karNaH satve trailokyavishrutaH .. 1\-202\-35 (8971)dhanuShA so.api nirdhUta iti sarve bhayAkulAH .evaM karNe vinirdhUte dhanuShA cha nR^ipottamAH .. 1\-202\-36 (8972)chakShurbhirapi nApashyanvinamramukhapa~NkajAH .dR^iShTvA karNaM vinirdhUtaM loke vIrA nR^ipottamAH .. 1\-202\-37 (8973)nirAshA dhanuruddhAre draupadIsaMgame.api cha .. 1\-202\-38Translation“Then the exultant Karna, the son of sun and also the son of suta, came to the vicinity of the bow, strung and mounted the arrow and discharged and missed by one hair-width. Karna, who is famous for strength in three worlds, was also vanquished by this test of arrow..bow. All the kings were frightened by this defeat of Karna in the test of bow. (Excerpt)”Hence as per Southern Edition Karna failed to hit the target by one hair width.Gita Press GorakhpurAS PER GEETA PRESS-“THE BOW WHICH RUKMI,SUNITH,VAKRA,#KARNA,DURYODHAN,SHALYA,SALVA ETC WERE UNABLE TO STRING EVEN AFTER GREAT EFFORTS,ARJUN DID THAT WITH EASE”-“WHEN ARJUN WAS ABOUT TO LIFT THE BOW,SOME CLEVER BRAHMINS SAID AMOUNG THEMSELVES-WHEN STRONG WARRIORS LIKE #KARNA AND SALYA AND WORLD FAMOUS KSHATRIYA FAILED,HOW COULD A WEAK BRAHMIN KID STRING THAT BOW”( Excerpt)Pandit Ramanarayanji Of Gita Press Edition mentioned thus in Footnote about the failure of Karna.“Neither Bhandarkar nor Dakshinatya,nor Nilakantha mentioned Karna’s success in the test. Nilakantha clearly said he was not able to string the bow and fix the arrow.”Nilakantha Bhava Dipahttps://ia801802.us.archive.org/...Nilakantha in his commentary specified it is Radheya Karna Who failed about whom the Brahmins are talking about.PROOF From Bori Critical EditionAdi Parva Chapter 179 Shloka 4 -यत्कर्णशल्यप्रमुखैः पार्थिवैर्लोकविश्रुतैः |नानतं बलवद्भिर्हि धनुर्वेदपरायणैः ||४||http://sanskritdocuments.org/…/m...IT MEANS EVEN ARCHERS LIKE KARNA AND SALYA FAILED TO STRING THE BOW.(AGAIN PROVES KARNA FAILED AND NO MENTION OF DRAUPADI CALLING KARNA A SUTA)G)PROOF FROM Mahabharat Tatparya NirnayaEVEN AS PER MADHVACHARYA COMMENTRY(MBTN),KARNA CAME VERY CLOSE TO STRING THE BOW,BUT TOOK A BLOW FROM THAT BOW AND FAILED(DRAUPADI DIDN'T CALL HIM SUTPUTRA)CHAPTER 19(PandavarAjyalAbhaH) SLOKA 128prAyo gatAstamanu bhUpatayo.atha karNoduryodhanArtham anugR^ihya dhanushchakarshha |rAmAdupAttashubhashixitamAtrato.asauromAvashishhTamakarod.h dhanushho.antamAshu || 19-128||TRANSLATIONAfter some kings followed Jarasandha and left, Karna for the sake of Duryodhana, tried to string the bow, using the training given by Parashurama and could only muster until the gap is a hair-wide and he also gets hit by the bowhttp://mahabharata-resources.org...--------------------------------------------------------------H)PROOF FROM Southern Recension PPS Sastri EditionSLOKAS FROM ADI PARVA,SWAYAMWAR PARVA,CHAPTER 182,"tato vaikartano karNo vR^ishA vai sUtanandanaH |dhanurabhyashamAgamya tolayAmAsa taddhanuH || .. 1-182-55""taM chAropyamANaM tadromamAtre.abhyatADayat.h |trailokyavijayI karNaH satve trailokyavishrutaH || .. 1-182-56""dhanushhA so.api nirdhUta iti sarve bhayAkulAH |evaM karNe vinirdhUte dhanusHA cha nR^ipottamAH || .. 1-182-57"chaxurbhirapi nApashyanvinamramukhapaN^kajAH |dR^ishTvA karNaM vinirdhUtaM loke vIrA nR^ipottamAH || .. 1-182-58"nirAshA dhanuruddhAre draupadIsaN^game.api cha .. 1-182-59"Screenshot of these slokas from the book:TRANSLATION:Then Karna,the Son of Sun and also the Son of Suta came near the bow.Strung and mounted it,discharged the arrow,but missed the target by one hair width.Karna who was famous for his strength in the three worlds also failed in this test of bow.All kings were frightened on the defeat of Karna.Proof from KMGExcerptAnd that bow which Rukma, Sunitha, Vakra, Radha's son, Duryodhana, Salya, and many other kings accomplished in the science and practice of arms, could not even with great exertion, string, Arjuna, the son of Indra, that foremost of all persons endued with energy and like unto the younger brother of Indra (Vishnu) in might, strung in the twinkling of an eye.Adi Parva: Swayamvara Parva: Section CLXLPoints to be notedThe sources I presented would definitely prove the fact. Still there are many retellings like Rajaji Mahabharata which described the same way.Taking into consideration mostly Sanskrit versions I present my stand which is authentic.Karna failed in the Swayamvara contest.In this scenario there is no chance for Draupadi to say..Naham varayami Sutam..I wont select a Suta.Moreso because Suta caste was not considered low. They were honoured on par with others.It definitely is an interpolation that is why Bori deleted the part.Since Draupadi never prevented him from shooting the target,there is no need to discuss the language she used.But I would like to say Draupadi of the Epic never used venomous,bitter or vitriolic language either to her husbands or to others.She was always courteous,gracious ,dignified,well mannered and respectful.Draupadi did not reject Karna. She can not since he was a guest of her father. I said it again ,I repeat if at all they don’t like Karna’s participation,Drupada or Drishtadyumna will speak not Draupadi.She was not asked her opinion when the most crucial decision of her life ,was taken by Yudhishtira..I mean polyandrous marriage.Women in those days never enjoyed such rights or privileges .Fact.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Adiparva Ch 179Southern Edition Kumbhakonam Ch 202Southern Recension PPS Sastri Edited version Ch 182Gita Press Gorakhpur Sanskrit with Hindi TranslationNilakantha Bhavadipa Adi Parva Ch 188Mahabharata tatparya nirnaya 19- 128Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adiparva CLXL	First things first.Sutaputra, in no way, was meant to be an insult. Lord Krishna was a Sutaputra. Yet, everyone worship him. Even at the time of Mahabharatha. Suta can do a list of jobs and all the jobs are related with kings or such higher order people.If some one thinks that calling one as a son of charioteer is meant as an insult, think again. Which people owned war chariots, those days?? Kings, princes, generals, commander, etc. Vehicle was a luxury those days. Only Kshatriyas had it. And all the charioteers had their own “Dharma” too.In short, calling some one Sutaputra based on the father’s occupation as charioteer, is same as that of calling some one now as “pilot Putra” or “Pilot ka beta”. Does that sound insulting???Lastly, Draupadi never ridiculed Karna. He lost fair and square in the contest.	Dharini, a question which raises an issue that is subject of disagreements amongst the scholars, has been asked by you which means that more or less you disagree with the BORI critical edition. But I am of the opinion that BORI must try preserve those parts of the Mahabharata which they found on the basis of statistics.We know there are three types of lies.1— plain lie.2— White lie.3— the statistics.The statistics can prove a truth as a lie and can prove a bundle of lies as the truth.So coming back to the question.Karna was a sort of stapeny of Duryodhana.He used to follow him any where or any time.Whether Duryodhana wanted him to accompany or it was the habit of Karna to follow him as body guard.Friendship has gone to this extent. So Karna accompanied Duryodhana and so Bhurishrava and Shakuni the way to Panchala.Karna went there with his minor son too.Now there was he present as the competetor because BORI says that he failed.Few people say that Karna tied the string on the bow in the very presence of Duryodhana.Where Duryodhana was also the competetor then the success of Karna was the success of Duryodhana for Karna as we find saying that everything which belonged to him, he could have given for the sake of Duryodhana, his wife, his wealth and his life and the sons.With this mindset Karna was trying to string the bow.He was a declared Suta and Suta was the hybrid caste, Draupadi and others always viewed the Hybridization as a sin.So there was going to occur super hybridization. Secondly Karna was not reliable and he could have given Draupadi to Duryodhana because of her beauty.When a major sin was going to be embraced, it was found by Draupadi to be firm, stern and highly appreciable in those times when Arjuna was ready to become servent of Duryodhana without fighting the Mahabharata war because he was more concerned with the Hybrid generation after the war.Secondly Suta winning and Draupadi should become queen in the Kuru Clan through Duryodhana was not going to be easily digested and Draupadi would have been charged to be questioned for her chastity.The sinful marriage with blame on her chastity required to opposed firmly and that exactly she did.Girls must be given self choice and that was the exact meaning of the Swayamvara.Nothing wrong happened in those days of Purity of blood and the preservance of one’s own respect.Hope there could be much more disagreement but I had answered keeping in the mind the thoughts and the practices of those times.Devyani married with Yayati and Yayati was not willing to accept her against the traditions and if her father Shukracharya did not wish.He accepted her only when Shukracharya took away the sin for not following Dharma.What could be happening in those days of bonded girls, only girls could tell.Thank you for raising an issue.	No theres no mb translation which says that draupadi said andhe ka putra andha or rejected karna calling him suta putra. In fact karna got fair chance but he marginally missed the target. I am astonished that highly professional producer directors like br chopra screwed up mb so badly. They seem to have mixed up the comic mb scene from the famous movie jane bhi do yaro which had the dialogue andhe ka putra andha and hence draupadis image got completely ruined in the public.	Some versions mention that Draupadi pre-judged Karna and rejected him saying, “I won’t marry a Suta Putra.” Note that Pratiloma (bride from a higher caste and bride-groom from the lower caste) marriages were frowned upon in that Yuga. It’s not true that calling one Suta Putra a vitriolic tirade against him. Sutas enjoyed some prestige too. Note that the MBh storyteller (Ugrasravas) was a Suta. So were some others like Kichaka.Some versions make no mention of this episode of Draupadi rejecting Karna at her swayamavar.In fact, it was Karna who used unprintable language against Draupadi in the Kuru court and instigated Dushshasana to disrobe her. Karna called Drauapadi a Bandhaki, meaning a low prostitute.Hope this clears air regarding Karna vs. Draupadi.-Vasu-	No. In the original story of the Mahabharata, there is no mention of Draupadi refusing to allow Karna to participate in the Swayamvara.Contrary to popular stories shown on TV by all Mahabharata serials, following are the truths about who did what during Swayamvara of Draupadi:Shishupala was able to lift the bow, but failed to bend it in order to tie the string.Shalya, the uncle of Nakula and Sahadeva, although quite elderly, also participated the Swayamvara. He too was able to lift the bow, bend it a little more than Shishupala was able to, but failed to string it.Jarasandha is mentioned to have arrogantly attempted to bend the bow. He bent it but couldn’t string it by a whisker.Karna participated the swayamvara on behalf of Duryodhana. Karna lifted the bow but failed to string it by a gap less than human hair’s thickness.It was then, that Bheema and Arjuna both got up from the section where Brahmanas were seated. Both of them saw Shri Krishna smiling at them and prostrated to Him. All the Brahmanas saw the apparent physical might of these Braahmanas and believed that they would be able to string it. Arjuna sought Bheema’s permission to attempt the challenge first. Then, he strung the bow and shot all five arrows into the target’s eye by looking into its reflection below.Reference: Chapter 19, MBTN http://www.dvaipayana.net/mbtn-t...	
After Arjun threw away his weaponry refusing to fight how long did the conversation between Arjun and his sarathi last before the battle started on the first day of the Kurukshetra yuddh	Good question, because the answer is time stopped during the discourse. In other words it happened in less time than an instant or it was some mental connect where the “truth” was disseminated and doubts dispelled instantaneously.Something like an instant mind-melt.	Not even a single second. Krishna had stopped time to have the conversation or you can say all the conversations(Geeta) took place in “no time”.	Just about two hours, when we await Kiyamat / Nuclear War since 1945.In fact, Krushna challenged Bhishma, so they awaited till Arjun accepted to fight, as otherwise Kuravs had won without fight.	
What is the major role in the Mahabharata of Sama	Dipayan Mukherjee's answer to Who is Sama in Mahabharata? Who is his parents	
Who was a better archer the hunter named Jhara that killed Krishna or the suta named Karna that lost to foot soldiers	The better aarcher between these two was and is CLEARLY Jhara. Jhara is the ultimate archer after Arjuna. Jhara was able to kill Krishna a feat that Karna could only dream of achieving......Karna shot many arrows at Krishna in Karna Parva (on the 17th day) but yet he fialed tot ake Krishna's life. His arrows bounced off of Krishna's armor.But Jhara on the other hand fought like a REAL man would. And he only had to use ONE arrow to kill Krishna compare that to Karna who despite using ten arrows failed to kill krishna.Narrative:At that time, Karna, glancing obliquely at Dhananjaya, pierced that foremost of persons, viz., Krishna, with ten shafts whetted on stone and equipped with peacock feathers. http://www.sacred-texts.com/hin/...Now look at Jhara's performance.Narrative:A fierce hunter of the name of Jara then came there, desirous of deer. The hunter, mistaking Keshava, who was stretched on the earth in high Yoga, for a deer, pierced him at the heel with a shaft and quickly came to that spot for capturing his prey. Coming up, Jara beheld a man dressed in yellow robes, rapt in Yoga and endued with many arms. Regarding himself an offender, and filled with fear, he touched the feet of Keshava. The high-souled one comforted him and then ascended upwards, filling the entire welkin with splendour. http://www.sacred-texts.com/hin/...JARA was definitely the BAAP of Karna! And that is something that all karna fans will have to ACCEPT!	
Who were the parents of Veda Vyasa	MATSYAGANDHA AND RISHI PRASAHAR.she was known as Matsyagandha ("She who smells like fish"), and helped her father in his job as a ferryman.As a young woman, Matsyagandha (later Satyavati) met the wandering rishi (sage) Parashar, who fathered her son Vyasa out of wedlock. The sage also gave her a musky fragrance, which earned her names like Yojanagandha ("She whose fragrance is spread as far as a yojana") and Gandhavati ("fragrant one").	Ved vyasa was the son of maharshi parashara (the author of the first ever puran - The vishnu puran) and satyawati the wife of king shantanu	
Did Draupadi really love Karna when her love started with Karna	As per stories of Mahabharatha there are many additions to Original one since Mahabharatha is fame all over India and abroad of various parts. While soothing story of Mahabharatha from one to another some exraordinaries may have exaggerated in some way in admiration or imagination. Accordingly some one read the story as Droupadi has liked Karna because he was a son of Kunthi. It cannot be said as how far it is true.The story goes on this way. Draupadi was fond of Arjuna before marriage. When she heard of Pandavas were burnt in wax palace her mind changed and possessing with Karna for his great qualities. She wants him to marry. To prove this inclination another folktale was there.Draupadi, plucked a Jambu fruit without realizing that it was a special fruit that a Rishi had sworn to his break-fast of twelve years, with. “You have contaminated the fruit,” “If the sage finds out, he will curse said Krishna”, So it was to set back the fruit to tree before the sage open his eyes. Sri Krishna suggested that all the pandavas including Draupadi should have to spell out the truth hidden in their mind and then it will restored to tree. All the pandavas have expressed their realities. as one by one said, the fruit pushed upwards by its own motion in to some stage. Next the turn of Draupadi. As she expressed her thoughts, suddenely the fruit fell down. Krishna said, she hide something . With great trepidation, Draupadi looked into the eyes of her husbands and said, “I love five of you. But I love a sixth too. I love Karna, I regret not marrying him.” After this , the fruit again set back where it was stood after expressions of 5 pandavas. Then Krishna restored to the branch of the tree. When the moment the sage opened his eyes as his 12 years penance end.This sort of story is waved in the air as an interesting to hear. But a truth is there one should speak truth.	People asking such questions must be nuts. Draupadi already had five husbands whom she loved why would she wish for one more?She was chaste lady not a whore.As for as Karna is concerned why would she fall in love with an inferior Karna when she had superior and mighty Arjuna? Karna were no match to Arjuna be it archery or character.Draupadi had Arjuna the greatest Archer as her husband.Draupadi had Yudhistri the Dharmaraj as husband.Draupadi had Nakul most handsome man of his time as her husbandDraupadi had Sahdeva most wise man as her husbandAnd finally Draupadi had Bhima most powerful man as her husbandSo when she had everything why the hell she will fall in love with adharmi Karna who was no match to Either Arjuna or Bhima.Karna was defeated by both Arjuna and Bhima, he was part of every conspiracy done by Duryodhana against Pandawas. Why the hell she will chose Karna for What?Come out of your crazy fantasy world.	Though no document can be provided, but there are enough evidences whereby one can guess about the possibility.It is said that both Daupadi and Karna were trained in the same military school under Parashuram. They developed relationship there itself. There was intense feeling including love and respect between both of them; on one hand, Karna was handsome and master archer and on the otherhand, Krishna though wheatish was princess as well as very attractive. But this was shortlived, as the days of going back home came. As a mark of her love , she presented a ring to Karna. Karna thus got a treasure. During Sawamvar, Krishna refused to marry her love because of his caste. Karna never forgot this insult and tried to demolish the Pandavas whenever he got the chance. During the visit to Indraprastha, the newly built capital of the Pandavas, his entry to the palace was a gracious one and Draupadi had a different eye while looking at this majestic archer. Her eyes were stucked at him and him only. Karna had only deep breath. Karna was part of the plan for the torture to be given to the Pandavas as wellas menstruating Draupadi after the defeat of the King Yudhisthira by Sakuni with the magical dice. The ‘ derobing' of Draupadi was arranged at the court. It could never happen because of Karna! All of us know Lord Krishna was the saviour!But narrators say that Karna was the person who saved the day for Draupadi. The night before the day of incidence, Karna sent a gift to Drauapdi as a mark of his love and respect. The gift contained a ‘saree' ( long cloth for wearing by women) which was made of muslin from Surat famous for its light weight and thinness which could be folded into a small one. He put that ‘ring' in that saree sothat Draupadi could identify who the sender was and requested her to wear the saree when she comes to the court of the king of Hastinapur. It was a tough task to put on the unending muslin saree. She came to the court, and Dushshaana attempted to undress her. Rest is history of the Mahabharata.So can you guess, whether there was love between the two or not.If any other information is there ,kindly respond so that I can enrich myself.	To the person who asked this question - let me ask a counter question.Would a woman be in love with a person who publicly called her a whore, and asked her to be stripped of all clothes because a whore has no shame, no honour, no dignity?If you are a woman, ask yourself this question. If you are not a woman, ask any woman you know the same question in the exact same words without any reference, backdrop, etc.Draupadi, being in love with Karna, is an imagination of some fertile minds. There is not even an inkling of such a possibility, leave alone probability, in the original Mahabharata. (By original MMahabharata, I mean the recognised renditions and well accepted versions and not fictional stories like The Palace of Illusions, Mrityunjaya, Rashmirathi, Jaya - An Illustrated Retelling of Mahabharata, etc.I could go into many more details but I think that it suffices here.	Did Draupadi really love Karna when her love started with Karna?Its an easy question in the find the odd word category ..Ask any sensible person to Find the odd word out in this question then “karna” would be soon dispatched out from the presence of the words “Draupadi” and “love”.. Quite a mismatch. Isn't it??But let's be fair to karna and the questioner for a while without discarding it immediately..Well, on rigorous thinking, Daughterly love was the only and slightest possibility she would have on karna if things went other way. Karna, being born to Kunti long before her marriage, was much older (around 15 years) to yudhisthira where as Draupadi, being born after Drona Gurudhakshina events, was much younger to ( around 20 years) Yudhisthira. Considering karna was approximately 35 years older to Draupadi, had it was known to her that karna was elder brother to her husbands and had karna prevent himself from behaving in such a henious way in dice hall then it might be probable that Draupadi could have considered him as father figure.Since you (the questioner) rushed to the second part i.e. " when her Love started with karna? " without waited for the verdict on first part of the question, let's have a look at the intersection points of Thier lives to get a conclusion on this part also..First they met in Draupadi swayamvar:Here she might not recognise karna out of mob of princes or she might have heard karna's defeat in the hands of her father in Drona Gurudhakshina event. So karna had no possibility of getting her attention until his attempt to hit the fish target. And after his failure to hit the fish Target as well as in consequent attempt, along with other kings, to burn her would have earned him temporary hatred only in her thoughts.Next they met in Rajasuya yagna in Indraprastha: Nothing significant happened but time might have erased the hatred and he might have gone out of her consideration again..Next they met in infamous Dice hall : Being one of the main perpetrators, he earned permanent intensified hatred By calling her unchaste and instigating for her disrobing. Until Arjuna's Anjalika astra separated his sinful tongue from his neck, her intensified hatred and anger hadn't been pacified. She rightly vented her anger and hatred towards karna in the presence of Krishna and Pandavas in many occasions. It was evident that all she wanted was karna's death and even her later knowledge on karna's relationship with her husband might not have changed it..So three emotions Draupadi had on him overall. 1) Not considered him at all 2) temporary hatred 3) permanent and intensified hatred to longed for his death..Tough question to end this Answer..” Find the love in the above emotions?”.Thank you for reading the answer for a question which is needed to be ignored..	No.There is no reference in Vyasa Mahabharath. This is just a recent creation. Origin unknown.	
Who is the mother of Pandavas	Thanks for A2A.Here’s a small story as an answer for this question -When he came of age, Pandu was crowned the king of the Kurus, and he ruled from his capital city of Hastinapura. There was a chieftain of a clan called Yadavas, whose name was Soora. He had a cousin named Kunti Bhoja, who had been issue less. Soora then gave his eldest daughter, who had been named Prita, to his cousin. From that day, that girl came to be known as Kunti. She was the woman that Bhishma chose to be the bride of Pandu. Later Pandu also married Madri, the sister of Salya, the king of the Madra.Dhritharashtra was married to Gandhari, the princess of the Gandhara kingdom. When she learned that her husband was blind, she tied her eyes with a dark cloth, and never took it off. As a result, she also became blind. Along with her, ten of her younger sisters were also married to Dhritharashtra. (This was a common practice in those times.)A few years later, Pandu went hunting in the forest, accompanied by his wives and his court. He shot dead a stag, while it was in the act of mating with its wife. Unfortunately, the stag turned out to be a sage, who had taken this form along with his wife, in order to enjoy the pleasures of the flesh without human inhibitions. The sage, before dying, cursed the king, saying, "Since you have killed a creature in the tenderest of all moments, may you also die the instant you approach a woman with amorous intent!".Pandu was grieved beyond words. Besides, he was at this time issue less. He apprised Bhishma of the curse and stated his intention to spend the rest of his life in the forest, leading the life of a hermit. Bhishma saw the force of his arguments and did not hinder him. His wives and some of his trusted courtiers also accompanied him to the forest. Dhritharashtra was crowned the new king of Hastinapura.During his wanderings in the forest, Pandu met some sages. While discussing the concept of heaven and salvation with them, he was appalled to learn that a man without children could never aspire for heaven. He then sought their blessings, and they blessed him, saying, "You will have many worthy and illustrious sons."After this incident, Pandu began to think of ways by which he might obtain children. He spoke to Kunti about it, and suggested her that she beget children by suitable, illustrious men. At this point Kunti narrated an incident that occurred when she was a girl.She said, "O King, When I was a little girl in my father Kunti Bhoja's palace, the great sage Durvasa visited us. Everyone knew of the Rishi's fiery temper and wanted to keep him in the best of humors. It fell to my lot to attend to him, and to make all arrangements for his stay. So well did I discharge this duty, that when his stay ended, he granted me a boon. He gave me a Mantra (incantation), which would summon any deity that I wished. He said that I would be with child from that deity. The son born would inherit the properties of his divine father. As I was very young, I did not understand the full implications of this boon. Once the sage had gone, I wished to test the efficacy of this Mantra, and meditating upon Surya (the sun), I uttered this incantation. The next moment the Lord of the skies appeared in person before me, impelled by the power of the Mantra. I was frightened, and pleaded him to go away. This, however, he could not do, for the Mantra bound him as well as me. He did grant me a boon that I would regain my virginity after our encounter. A son, shining like the sun, clad in divine armor and possessing earrings that glittered with dazzling aspect, was born to me. Since divine births are not subject to the nine month gestation of mortals, the child was born to me without any delay. Fearful of the ridicule of society, steeling my heart, I put him in a casket and set him adrift. I have not met him again. However, since you have yourself suggested that I beget children with suitable men, I feel that it is time to use the Mantra. Tell me, which God would you like to be the father of your child?"When Pandu heard his wife's tale, he was overjoyed. He thought for a while and said, "Since truth is the best virtue that a man may possess, I wish that you beget a child from Yama, the Lord of Justice. He would be an apt choice to father our first child."Then Kunti utilized the Mantra, summoned Yama and as before, without having to wait for the nine month gestation, a son was born to her. They named him Yudhishtira. At this time, Dhritharashtra was still childless, and hence Yudhishtira was the eldest prince of the Kuru dynasty.A year passed. Pandu said to his wife, "Kunti, it is said that a man who has but a single child is no better than a man who has none. The future is uncertain. In case something happens to our only child, we will still be in the same predicament as before. Therefore, use the Mantra one more time and bear another child."However, this whole process of using the Mantra was not very agreeable to Kunti. She tried to dissuade her husband from pressing this matter. At last, she yielded. This time they chose the mighty wind Vayu, to be the father of their child. The son born thus was named Bheema.Meanwhile, Gandhari was getting worried that she was still childless. The great sage Vyasa visited her and she beseeched him to grant the boon of a child. She asked him for a hundred mighty sons. The sage granted that boon. She soon became pregnant. However, nearly a year passed and she still hadn't delivered a child. At this moment, news was brought to her that Yudhishtira had been born in the forest. In her impatience, she struck her own abdomen to try and induce labor. It seemed to have worked, for she soon went into labor. Great was her chagrin, when she gave birth to a great lump of flesh! At this point sage Vyasa again appeared. He consoled her and had hundred little pots to be brought. He divided the lump of flesh into a hundred pieces and put one in each pot. At the end there was a small piece of flesh left, this he put in a new jar. A few months from this operation, Duryodhana was born from the first jar. His ninety-nine brothers were born shortly thereafter, along with his only sister Dushala (she was that tiny lump of flesh in the separate jar).Many ill omens accompanied Duryodhana’s birth. There were comets seen in the sky. Dogs started braying and Jackals were seen prowling in the city. Concerned by these omens, Dhritharashtra sent for astrologers skilled in the art of interpreting omens, and asked them the meaning of the omens that were being seen.They all were unanimous that the omens were uniformly bad. They said, "O King, These omens suggest that your first-born son will be the cause of utter destruction of the Kurus. We would advise you to sacrifice him, if you want to preserve your race. It has been said that, to save a family you may sacrifice a man, to save the clan you may sacrifice a family, to save a village you may sacrifice a clan, and to save a kingdom you may sacrifice a village. In this case, to save the kingdom of Kurus, you should sacrifice your first-born. Your son will bring nothing but misery to all. Save yourself, and the Kurus while there is still time!."However, blinded by his love for his new born son, the King would not agree to this. Duryodhana was born exactly one day before Bheema’s birth in the forest. From an early age, Duryodhana showed a great aptitude for war and demonstrated immense strength.Once again, Pandu wished for another child. Kunti summoned Indra to be the father. The child born was named Arjuna and it was foretold at his birth that he would be a peerless warrior, just like his divine father. Madri also wished for children of her own, and so Kunti taught her the incantations. Madri invoked the twin Ashwini Devatas, and begot the twins Nakula and Sahadeva through them. The five sons of Pandu were known as the Pandavas.One fine spring day, the forest was filled with blooming flowers and the sweet songs of birds. Intoxicated by these surroundings, Pandu could no longer control himself. His wife Madri was nearby and she was a woman of great beauty. Forgetting about the sage's curse, he was filled with desire for his wife and approached her, his mind full of lust. The sage's curse came into effect and he was struck dead on the spot.Madriwas inconsolable. She blamed herself for her husband's death. She decided that life held no meaning for her without Pandu and announce her intention of committing suicide by jumping into Pandu's funeral pyre. (This practice is called Suttee). Kunti and the others tried to dissuade her, but could not shake her resolve. After committing her twins Nakula and Sahadeva to Kunti's care, Madri committed suicide in the manner described above.Hence, Kunti is mother of Yudhishtira, Bheema and Arjuna and Madri is mother of Nakula and Sahadeva.Thank you.	Pandavas are five brothers. Three sons of Kunti & twins of Madri. Pandavas means sons of Pandu.Due to a curse from a sage Pandu was unable to have a child & so left Hastinapur & with his queens went to live in Himalayan ranges. When Dhrutrashtra married Gandhari, Pandu felt his claim to the throne was threatened as Dhrutrashtra ‘s children would be inherited with it. So making use of Kunti’ s special powers gifted by Rishi Durvas, he asked Kunti to have children by it. Yudhishtir, Bheem & Arjun were born by Kunti & Nakul Sahadev by Madri.This was accepted form called niyog paddhati. Though different men fathered them still they were named as sons of Pandu so Pandavas.	Kunti is the mother of three elder pandavas :Yudhishthir, Bheem and Arjun. She is also the mother of Karna.Madri, PANDU'S second wife is the mother of Nakul and Sahdeva the twin pandavas	Actually Pandavas called Kaunteya (Sanskrit: कौन्तेय) - sons of Kunti….Three of them are Kunti Putra, and two of them are Madreya Putra.	Kunti was the mother of Yudhisthira, Arjun and Bhim. Madri gave birth to twins Nakul and Sahdev. Both Kunti and Madri were Pandu's wives.	Kunti wife if Pandu and daughter of Kuntibhoj was the mother of Pandavas.	
What portion to read Ramayana for getting baby	Sundara Kandam	
Why did Arjuna kill his brother Karna in Kurukshetra	Arjuna not only killed his brother Karna, but Duryodhana, Dushasana and all 100 Kauravas were also his brothers.And not only brothers, he also killed his great grandfather Bhishma.Why?Because all these are worldly relationship, ultimate relationship of every soul is with Krsna, the God. And God ordered Arjuna to kill them. To fulfill the order of God is the highest.Because Karna and others were on the side of Adharma. Arjuna was fighting for the establishment of Dharma.Because the material body will anyway die, but the soul can never be killed. (Nainam Chindanti Shastrani - BG Chapter 2, Verse 23)EDIT: Duryodhana and his 100 brothers were killed by Bhimasen not Arjuna, but here in this answer when I say Arjuna, I basically mean the whole pact of Pandava. I hope you’ll take th essence, instead of details.	
Did Karna create a second Sun in a war	Yes, he had crated it, in the FakeBharata also called StarBharata. Where Aham sharma has played the role of Karna.There is one more serial where you can watch it named as Suryaputra Karna. In this serial Karna is above the Krishna, Vishnu, Brahma, Rudra aka Mahadeva in the prowess. Here is only Karna and Karna and Karna and Karna and Karna and Karna and Karna and Karna and Karna and goes on…..P/s: Chant the Karna’s name 108 times and you’ll achieve immorality.Shree Hari…	Where and why did you get this question. Karna did not create any second Sun. There are references that brilliance of some Astras is like million Suns. In Mahabharata period if any one capable it's Lord Krishna but he did not do any such thing knowing consequences. Before war With his sankalpam (will) he advanced Amavasya a day before, and during the war He covered Sun with yoga maya to kill Saindhav	Karna was a human being. No human being has such power. Such stories are not in Mahabharata. One can of course imagine things about one's favourite.	
Why couldnt Kunti take back her decision of the division of Draupadi between the Pandavas	Thanks for A2AIt was not Kunti who took the decision. So she can not take back the decision. As simple as that.Having said that I don’t deny ,she must have discussed the issue with Yudhishtir before Arjun and Bhim returned to the hut. The Eldest son only in those days held decision making power after the father.As the head of the family it is Yudhishtir who conversed with Arjun and not Kunti. We don’t see her play a prominent role in making the polyandrous marriage fall in place. She stays in the back ground after saying her famous line..Devide among five of you.When Veda Vyasa enters Drupad’s Palace he takes the lead in moving things ahead. It is Vedavyasa,Drupad,Yudhishtir And Drishtadyumna who took part in group discussion.Kunti didn’t figure anywhere here ,..she was not the decision maker.She need not take back her word because there were other factors that dominated her word.Yudhishtir depended more on other factors such asMarriage should happen in order of age..All the five got enamoured by Panchali’s beautySo he was the one who took the decision of division among five..not Kunti.But she never looked regretted for such marriage. She must have felt relieved that her sons would stick together come What may due to Panchali.	I wrote the answer many times. But for a moment I want to ask a question. Lets forget today’s morality to judge the event where it was right or wrong.First place we forget that Draupadi never protested the sharing, she was seen as perfectly normal and without any worry when the decision was taken.In fact I can provide quotes that proves clearly that Draupadi indeed wholeheartedly accepted the marriage and no where she gave any hint that she was displeased about it. None of the Pandavas protested against it as well.Please keep the selective fanciful fandom aside - No one protested - Neither Draupadi nor any Pandavas and never for a moment in their entire lifetime they said they displeased in the decision.The marriage was in fact justified and conducted in presence of Vyas, Dhoumya and Narada.In spite of such marriage Pandavas were indeed very much popular among people.Many bramhins used to eat food served by Draupadi in the kingdom of Pandavas.After Pandavas were exiled, many bramhins followed them and stayed with them.In fact what is the guarantee that if a woman marries one man, she would always be with one man?Satyavati herself had two relationship -Parashara and Shantanu.Ambika and Ambalika had to sleep with Vyas for having sons.Ambika forced her maid to sleep with Vyas who became Vidura’s mother.Dritarastra made relationship with a maid and Yuyustu was their son.Kunti and Madri both had to go through other relationships for getting child / sons.Jayadratha being himself married wanted to abduct Draupadi.Dhoumya tried to create a delay by stating that he should first defeat Pandavas before abducting Draupadi - implying that abducting a married woman after defeating / killing her husband is fine.Sudeshna even after knowing that Draupadi was married to five tried to send her to Keechaka as she was insecure that her husband Virata might fall for Draupadi.It is wild imagination of few modern women authors who sees Kunti as worst Mother in law (Sash Bahu quarrels are favorite topics of modern day serials) who forced bride Draupadi into marrying her five sons making Draupadi as victim and Kunti as villain of the story.Before going to the issue and putting your leg into the shoe of either Kunti or Draupadi, one has to understand the era, practices, culture, life style and many other thing.It is very important to see how the women of those era used to see their husband. Did they took them as companion or protector or some thing else?Modern day women might look to their husband as companion or a equal partner but the same logic can’t applied on those era.Men used to fight war and there was no guarantee that they would return back from war.If family was indeed a priority then don’t you think men would have been more peace loving than war mongering.At least they have worried about future of their family rather than attaining glory of dying in battlefield.So family was never the highest priority of men on those era - power, respect, fame, glory, prosperity was more priority and fight for those resulted in war.For a woman without father, brother, husband or son was very fearful scenario.We don’t know how women of the defeated side were treated.I can remember how Draupadi was treated after her husbands and she was ‘won’ in dice game.They also used to marry multiple women for lust or for forming political alliances or could be other reasons as well.So there was no guarantee that husband would remain one woman man.When Draupadi chose a bramhin (Arjuna as disguise) to marry - look the way Kings tried to kill her or her father Draupada.It was Arjuna and Bhima who protected her.So given all the scenario - When Kunti asked her all sons to marry Draupadi - She actually gave Draupadi five protectors in form of husbands.Kunti clearly stated that she loved Draupadi more than her own sons.Hardly she knew that Yudisthira would end up staking his brothers and finally Draupadi.That was an accidental case and not pre planned. No body knows the future.That’s why she later lamented in front of Krishna that in spite of having five protector Draupadi found none during dice game.She in fact ordered Arjuna to the follow the path shown by Draupadi.Who knows given a chance - many women would have taken the similar choice?	Kunti could not take back the decision, because she did not make the decision.Pandavas were living in Ek chakra Nagri where Bhima killed Bakasur, soon after that a brahman comes there to inform about Draupadi's swayamavar and her birth with her brother. After some time Vyasa arrives there ane informs Pandavas that Draupadi has a boon from previous life to be married to 5 men. So go to her swayamvar marry her as your common wife.Kunti asking brothers to share alms could haV been a coincidence or done on purpose to broach the topic for sharing her. As the brothers may have felt awkwardNevertheless it was Vyasa who advised 5 Pandav as to marry her and it was Yudhishthir who decided so.Kunti was not any decision maker	Once you ask your children to go ahead with any important action , the words spoken were going to shatter the strong barrier which had gone to the sinful act and then you state that it could not be possible, whom you shall prohibit for going ahead and whom you shall allow, when all your sons are equal became a dilemma for Kunti.Few words are never spoken because if loosely spoken can shatter the social fabric.Now she having said can not deny.If she denies then whose words should be denied to have never been heard, because Bhima and Arjuna both had spoken to have come with the alms.Now the things are left on Draupadi to decide whether she got the meaning and the significance of the spoken words or not and since she had already spoken in the amphitheatre for Karna that she would not make Sutputra her lord, so the another problem had to be solved by her only.All the brothers saw her eyes in eyes and she did not allow any one of them disappointed and then all the brothers had seen eyes in eyes and all had the same feeling which only Arjuna could have, there arose chances of deprivation which could have grown into the disunion amongst the brothers.The objection of Draupadi was the most important decision and she had seen the proof of affection in all the brothers for the rest of brothers individually and jointly.The jewellery, the land and the wife are held to be the main causes of the dispute amongst the brothers in particular and with others in general.Draupadi never wanted to be the source of such disunion and whatever she had learnt from the elders she easily gouged the issue when some one who hit the target appeals to the eldest brother to marry first and then there ought to be marriage of another elder brother only then his chance for marriage would arise.We should know the fact that Bhishma picked up the two princes and married them with Vichitraveerya and he himself remained unmarried.Sini the grand father of Satyaki took Devaki after fighting with Somdatta and gave her to Vasudevji which incidence had become so prideful that Satyaki had cut the head of Bhurishrava when he was sitting in the Praya position because Bhurishrava had only hit his foot on the chest of Satyaki.Duryodhana had himself picked up his would be wife when she passed over him and Duryodhana did not like her such step to overlook him.I think there had been some exceptional cases in the past and then such practice was stopped by the son of Uddalaka the desciple of Sudhoumya.The marriage was to be declred as Exemplary because Pandavas had been considered to no ordinary persons.	It was not Kunti but her sons who out of respect for their mother, did not want her words go in vain.Yudhisthira wanted only Arjun to marry Draupadi, since he had participated in the swayamvara.Even Draupadi, her father and brothers were too aghast.Then as per prevailing circumstances too many women in the household would create dissent which they could ill afford.Grandfather Vedvyasa assured them that the practise was prevalent in olden days and hence in keeping with Dharma.	Both polygamy and polyandry were accepted practices in those times.In fact, there are mountainous parts in India, where both were practiced till some years back.the origins of these are commercial in nature… e.g. if there is a family of 3 brothers with very small piece of land, they would marry 1 woman, so that there is no distribution or partition of an already small land parcel. remember, in those times, land was the wealth.Probably, in exile, the pandavas were so broke that it made sense to have 1 wife for the time being, till their position got better. The Kunti part must have been a story woven into the larger tale.	
Which Mahabharatha or Ramayana character who was otherwise noble had the tragic flaw of laziness or apathy	MahabharatYudhishtir : There was a reason why he was called Dharmaraj. He was capable of that kind of righteousness that one can only preach about. He always put the greater good over his own personal benefit and always did the right thing when any sane human will be sorely tempted to take the easy way out. I am referring to the incidents that take place during the Pandavas’ exile - The Goshyatra and the yaksha prashna. Both these incidents highlight the striking difference between Yudhishtir and Duryodhan and tells the reader why the former deserved to walk out alive of that terrible war.Coming to his tragic flaw, ofcourse it is staking his kingdom, his subjects, his brothers and more importantly, his wife. There is no excuse for this. Just possible reasons. Perhaps, being the underachieving husband, he thought of gifiting Hastinapur to Draupadi this way or perhaps he played on and on despite losing round after another, hoping to win in atleast one of it and get back what he lost because that is how an addict thinks and he, for all his nobility, was addicted to gambling. But like I mentioned earlier, these are just reasons and not excuses for what he did.So, there we have! A nearly flawless character with a blunder for a flaw.	
Can Arjuna defeat Karna in Rangbhumi	Arjuna had already proved it many times that he is the best archer in the world.You may find the details of Arjuna’s bravery in below incidents where Karna had lost.The all incidents happened before the Great Kuru war.Drupada Capturing for Gurudakshina - Arjuna won - Karna LostDraupadi Syamavata - Arjuna Won - Karna LostGhosha Yatra - Arjuna won - Karna lost against GandharvasVirata War - Arjuna won - Karna lost and also his brother was slainThese were the face to face encounter where Karna had lost. However, there is more and more scenes where Arjuna had shown his superiority over Karna.Digvijiya before Lakshagriha and acquired the Named Dhananjaya (conquer of wealth).Khandava Dahan, where all the Devas with Indra at forefront lost against Arjuna.Shiva vs Arjuna is again a great example.Arjuna had destroyed the demons in the heaven to fulfilling Gurudakshina to Indra.Finally, All the Kurus were lost against Arjuna in the Great Virata War including Karna himself.These were the few great feats achieved by Arjuna which is showing that Arjuna was far greater than Karna in bravery and archery. Hence, there is Arjuna award for great achievement.Shree Hari…	Definitely yes.Why everyone forgets that, just after rangaboomi Incident there was a war to capture Drupad.In this war Karna with Kauravas were defeated by Drupad. ( Note : Karna ran away from battlefield ). But Arjun without army defeated and captured Drupad.After this war, there was a swayamwar. In which Karna, Jarasandh, Shalya, Duryodan and many other warriors failed. But Arjun won it.In the same swayamwar, Arjun defeats Karna also.Karna's defeat by Gandharva, where Arjun defects Gandharva.Karna was defeated twice by Arjun in Virat war.Karna was defeated twice by Arjun on 14th day of kurukshetra war.And goes on........	Arjuna had already defeated Karna in many times during Draupadi's swayamwara, Virat war and many battles in Kurukshetra war. So, I see no reason why he can't defeat Karna in Rangbhoomi.	Arjuna can defeat karna even today. Baap baap hota hai. you see not every one can become wasim akram or sir vivian Richards.	
Is it true that they used atomic bombs in the Mahabharata War	Hardly likely as the conflict occurred in approximately 950 BCE and thus hundreds of centuries before the development of nuclear weapons So no.	
Some say they believe Ramayan and Mahabharata should be taught as history but how do we know which version of these sacred books is the real history	That’s very simple.The version of Ramayana written by Valmiki in Sanskrit. The version of Mahabharta written by Vyasa in Sanskrit. These are what need to be taught in schools.These sanskrit versions written by Valmiki & Vyasa are the root works based on which all other Ramayanaa and Mahabharatas are based on.	
What does the map of India look like in the Mahabharata era	Map of India in the Age of the MahabharataThis undated 20th-century map, published in Pune (formerly Poona), India, shows place names in India associated with the Mahābhārāta, one of the two major Sanskrit epics of ancient India (the other being the Ramayana). The title of the map is in Marathi; the place names are in Sanskrit. Mahābhārata can be translated as "the great tale of the Bharata Dynasty.” Most likely composed between 200 B.C. and 200 A.D., this enormously long epic recounts the story of the dynastic struggle and civil war between the Pandavas and the Kauravas in the Kingdom of Kurukshetra that took place in about the ninth century B.C.[1]Shree Hari…Footnotes[1] Map of India in the Age of the Mahabharata	
What is the actual date of birth of Shri Krishna	It is said that lord krishna live for 126 years and 5 months.As per drik panchang calculation krishna was born on 18th july 3228 BCE and died on 18th February 3102 BCE (the start of kalyug)Lord krishna was born on Hindu midnight Ashtami Tithi and Rohini Nakshatra were prevailing.Panchang for 18th July 3228 BCESunrise = 05:40:32Sunset = 19:28:10Moonrise = 24:50:01+Moonset = 12:04:15Month = Shravana (Amanta)Tithi = Ashtami upto 16:16:22Paksha = Krishna PakshaNakshatra = Rohini upto 13:23:01Yoga = Vajra - 28:04:07+Karna = Kaulava - 16s:16:22Karna = Taitila - 29:12:14+Sunsign = SimhaMoonsign = Vrishabha - 26:36:58+Source :- Drik Panchang	Unfortunately, no municipal records of Krishna’s birth are available in the Mathura jail whete he was born. In fact, last time I checked with the jail authorities, they said they lost all records of the past in a flood.I then went to Vrindavan and tried to check but the village consisted of illiterate cowherds. Again bad luck. All they could confirm was that they heard that Krishna was born on Janmashtami. Again this is only heresay; they are not sure.I checked in present day Dwaraka. It appears tgat the old city of Dwaraka, in which Krishna is rumoured to have spent his adult life was washed away in a tsunami several hundreds of years. No records again.So, sorry! No records are available. You can put ant date and any year.	Today is the birthday of Lord Shree Krishna. As per the scriptures it believes that he born on July 3228 BCE, 18th February 3102 BCE which was the start of Kalyug.according to mythologies in the Jain tradition, Krishna was a cousin of 22nd Trithanakara Naminath who is believed in the Jain tradition to have been born 84,000 years before the 9th-century BCE.Today is the Birthday or Lord Shree Krishna, I wish you happy Janamasthmi to all of you!Be happy and blessed!	29th July 3112BCE	
Who were the Samsaptakas Did they defeat Arjuna on the 17th day	No.Samsaptakas did not defeat Arjuna on 17 th day.Samsaptakas are 'sworn warriors .They were the bravest of the Trigartas, who, led by their King Susarman, had taken an oath to either kill Arjuna or die in that attempt. After swearing their oaths, they performed their own funeral rites, for they well knew that their chances of victory were slim, and that death was almost a certainty.The first spell of fight on 17 th day between Samsaptakas and Arjun.The samsaptakas then, desirous of slaying Arjuna, rushed against him, firmly resolved on victory, and making death their goal.The encounter soon turned ferocious and resembled that of Arjuna with Nivatakavachas.Partha cut off cars and steeds and standards and elephants and foot-soldiers engaged in fight, with shafts and bows and swords and discs and battle axes, and uplifted arms with weapons in grasp, and the heads also of foes, by thousands upon thousands.The samsaptakas, regarding the car of Partha sunk in that deep vortex of warriors, uttered loud roars.Partha, however, slaying all his foes in front, slew those that stood further off, and then those that were on his right and his back, like Rudra himself in rage slaughtering all created things endued with life.This was the first spell of fight where Arjuna destroyed them like Siva himself.Samsaptakas died in huge numbers as per the description.The Second SpellArjuna was engaged in slaughtering the samsaptakas, the Kosalas, and the Narayana forces.Filled with rage and longing for victory, the samsaptakas, in that battle, began to pour showers of arrows on Arjuna's head.Partha, however, quickly checking those arrowy showers, plunged into that battle, and began to slay many foremost of car-warriors.Partha then attacked Susarma with his keen shafts.Susarma. poured on Arjuna thick showers of arrows.Meanwhile the samsaptakas also covered Partha with their shafts.Then Susharma, piercing Partha with ten shafts, struck Krishna with three in the right arm.Then he pierced the standard of Arjuna.Then the ape on the banner of Arjuna started roaring.Hearing the roars of the ape, under the influence of a great fear, that army became perfectly inactive.Then those warriors, recovering their senses, began to drench Arjuna with their arrowy downpours like the clouds drenching the mountains.Samsaptakas Closed on ArjunaThen all of them approached the great car of Arjuna.Assailing him, they uttered loud roars although all the while they were being struck and slaughtered with sharp shafts.They attacked Arjuna by getting into his carAssailing his steeds, his car-wheels, his car-shaft, and every other limb of his vehicle, with great force, they uttered many shouts.Some among them seized the massive arms of Keshava, and some among them, seized Partha himself with great joy as he stood on his car.Then Keshava, shaking his arms on the field of battle, threw down all those that had seized themSamsaptakas seized Krishna’s hands but he shook them off., Then Partha, encompassed by those great car-warriors, and beholding his car assailed and Keshava attacked in that manner became filled with rage,Arjuna got angry.He overthrew a large number of car-warriors and foot-soldiers.And he covered all the combatants that were close to him with many arrows, that were fit for close encounters.Addressing Keshava Arjuna said, “ None can face such close attack by rivals.Arjuna hurled NagastraHaving said these words, Vibhatsu blew his conch.Then Krishna also blew his conch.Hearing the conches,Samsaptakas got frightened.Arjuna paralysed the legs of the samsaptakas by repeatedly invoking Nagastra.Thus tied with those foot-tying bands by Arjuna all of them stood motionless, as if they had been petrified.Arjuna hurled Nagastra and all the Samsaptakas became motionless as their feet were tied up with snakes.The son of Pandu then began to slay those motionless warriors like Indra slaying the Daityas in the battle with Taraka.Thus slaughtered in that battle, they set the car free, and commenced to throw down all their weapons.Their legs being paralysed, they could not, move a step.Then Partha slew them with his straight arrows.Indeed, all these warriors in that battle, aiming at whom Partha had invoked that foot-tying weapon, had their lower limbs encircled with snakes.precisely Samsaptakas were brought under control by Nagastra.Then the mighty car-warrior Susharma,, beholding his army ,quickly invoked the weapon called Sauparna. Thereupon numerous birds began to come down and devour those snakes.Thus liberated, those warriors once more shot their arrows,They hurled their weapons at Arjuna's car. And all of them pierced Partha with numerous weapons.Cutting off with his own arrowy downpour Arjuna began to slaughter those warriors.Arjuna hurls AindrastraThen Susharma, with a straight arrow, pierced Arjuna in the chest, and then he pierced him with three other shafts.Deeply pierced therewith, and feeling great pain, Arjuna sat down on the terrace of his car.Arjuna felt the pain and sat down.Then all the troops loudly cried out, "Partha is slain."Recovering his senses, Partha speedily invoked the Aindra weapon.Then thousands of arrows, issuing from that weapon, were seen on all sides to slay warriors and elephants.And steeds and warriors, in hundreds and thousands, were also seen to be slaughtered in that battle, with these weapons.Then while the troops were thus being slaughtered, a great fear entered the hearts of all the samsaptakas and Gopalas, There was no man amongst them that could fight with Arjuna.There in the very sight of all the heroes, Arjuna began to destroy the troops.Beholding that slaughter, all of them remained perfectly inactive, without putting forth their prowess.Then Arjuna slaughtered full 10,000 combatants 14,000 warriors, and 3,000 elephants.chaturdasha sahasrANi yAni shiShTAni bhArata |rathAnAmayutaM chaiva trisAhasrAshcha dantinaH || 36||Precisely this was the sequence of happenings on 17 th day between Arjuna and Samsaptakas.In orderAttack Of Samsaptakas on Arjuna’s car,on Krishna and ArjunaArjuna ‘s Nagastra tied their lower limbsArjuna killed them in huge numbersSusarma hurls Suparnastra and freed them from Nagastra effectArjuna pierced on his chest,sits in painArjuna hurls Indrastra and most of the Samsaptakas were killed by the effect.To sum upI wonder why should this clear win of Arjuna over Samsaptakas be considered otherwise. How could any one call it a defeat? Getting into pain or sitting for a moment won’t come under defeat.Only Arjuna could have the patience and presence of mind to deal with his crazy rivals who seized Krishna’s arms and harassed him also by such close encounter.Neverthless this part always fascinates me whenever I try to imagine Samsaptakas getting inside Arjuna’s car.Foot NotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Karna Parva ch.27Unabridged Sanskrit versions Karna ParvaKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Karna Parva Section 47,53	Thanks for asking,Trigarta King and his brothers and armies plus allies were called as Samsaptakas. There team had five great archers Named as Satyaratha and Satyavarman, Satyavrata and Satyeshu, and Satyakarman, with ten thousand cars, and the Malavas, and the Tundikeras with thousand cars, and the Susarman king of Trigatta, and the ruler of Prasthala, with the and Mavellakas, the Lalithas, and the Madrakas, accompanied by ten thousand cars and his brothers, and with another ten thousand cars and more were called as Samsaptakas.Susharma was the son of Vridhakshema and king of Tigarta’s.They all had taken an oath that there would be Arjuna or Samsaptakas.“Let the earth today be without Arjuna or let it be without the Trigartas. We truly swear this before thee. This our vow will never be false.” KMG SECTION XVIIThey all were challenged Arjuna again and again, and they lost every time and were reduced in number. When Drona was killed they all fled from the battlefield.Yes, Once fighting with Susharma, Arjuna became unconsciousness, but that can’t be counted as defeat because after that they all were reduced to ashes.“Susharma, O king, with a straight arrow, pierced Arjuna in the chest, and then he pierced him with three other shafts. Deeply pierced therewith, and feeling great pain, Arjuna sat down on the terrace of his car. Then all the troops loudly cried out, saying, "Partha is slain."KMG Karna Parva - Chapter 53Shree Hari…	For the first part of the question.The samsaptakas were a elite group of warriors classified as Maharathas. They were assigned to kill Arjuna.[1]We also have for that reason appointed hundreds upon hundreds and thousands upon thousands of Daityas and Rakshasas, viz., those that are known by the name of Samsaptakas. 1 These celebrated warriors will slay the heroic Arjuna.[2]When I heard that the Maharatha Sansaptakas of our army appointed for the overthrow of Arjuna were all slain by Arjuna himself, then,For the second part of the question.No they did not defeat Arjuna on the 17th day.They were just made unconsious by the roar of the ape on Arjuna’s flag.Then when they regained consciousness they managed to get into super close quarters of Arjuna’s chariot and started to do single combat with him.They seized Arjuna and krishna.Krishna threw down all the ones that attacked him.But then Krishna still had a few Samsaptakas on his body oppressing him.So Arjuna threw them all down as well.Arjuna brought down Mahrathis and foot soldiers using his physical strength.Arjuna then used arrows meant for close quarters combat to assail/kill all the samsaptakas that were away from him, at the very least some distance was created.Then finally Arjuna slays them all by utilizing the Nagastra.Here is the screenshot of the text describing this incident in the Critical Edition.Footnotes[1] Vana Parva: Ghosha-yatra Parva: Section CCL[2] Adi Parva: Section I	Samsaptakas are like small ants before the Invincible warrior Arjuna.They're always tried to kill Arjuna Like Karna but every time they failed as Karna.Only one day they catch Arjuna but in the fraction of seconds he escape from them and killed them.	
What were the names of the Pandavas when they were in exile	The Pandavas, lost in the dice game, have to go to the forest for 13 years of which the last year will have to be spent in disguise. If they are found and recognized in that last year, then they will have to go to the forest for another 12 years.After spending the first 12 years in the forest, the Pāṇdavas decided to spend the thirteenth year in the Matsya kingdom which was ruled by King Virāta. To hide their identity during the disguise period, they introduced themselves with new names at the new place.Yudhishthira said that his name was Kanka and he was a good advisor and player of dice. Therefore, King Virāta asked him to keep him entertained by playing dice, and teaching him religious scriptures. Bheema took on the name of Ballava, an excellent cook and wrestler. Therefore, King Virāta gave him a job as a cook in the royal kitchen.Arjuna had transformed into a woman because of the curse of Urvashi. He had learned the art of dancing and singing from Chitrasena. Therefore, he disguised himself as Brihannalā and was appointed to teach dancing to Princess Uttarā. Nakula introduced himself as Granthika, who was very knowledgeable in horses. He was appointed as the caretaker of Virāta’s horses. Sahadeva said that his name was Tantripāla and that he was experienced in looking after cows. Therefore, he was asked to look after the cows in royal cowsheds.Draupadi took on the name Sairandhrī and said that she used to be a maid in the court of Indraprastha. She claimed to be an expert in making perfumes and dressing hair into beautiful styles. Therefore, Queen Sudeshṇā hired her as a maid to do these activities. She agreed to serve Queen Sudeshṇā on three conditions – first, she will not clean any dirty dishes. Second, she will not eat anyone’s left‐over food. And third, she will not be asked to wash or press anyone’s feet.In addition to these names, the Pāṇdavas and Draupadi decided that they will use code names when they want to say something to each other secretly. The table below gives their new names, their role and also their code names.Thank you :)	Pandavas didn't change their in whole exile period (12 Years). They were only hide themselves for one year (incognito period)with another known (these all were metaphors) name and secret name.Yudhishthira was named as Kanka from the Vygharapadi Gotra, which was Dhaumay’s gotra. He called himself as Yudhishthira’s friend.Bhima was called as Ballava cook and wrestler from the Yudhishthira court.Draupadi became maid servant of Sudehsna (queen of Matsaya kingdom) named as Sairendhri, who had five powerful ghandharva husbands named as Jaya, Jayanta, Vijaya, Jayadsena, Jayadbala.Arjuna dressed himself in third gender where he was like Ardhanarishwar God (Mahadeva) himself in the form of eunuch called Brhinnada (Brihat Nara) or Brihannala (Great man like King Nala himself in disguise).Sahadeva was called as Tantipala, who was the great employer of Yudhisthira cattle's and were known as veterinary doctor as well.Nakula acquire the name Granthika, who was very knowledgeable in horses. He was appointed as the caretaker of Virāta’s horses. He was previously employed under Yudhisthira’s court.Shree Hari…	Draupadi—→SairandhriYudhishthir —->KankaBhim—→VallabhaArjun—→BrihannalaNakul—->GranthikaSahadev—->Tantripal or TantipalBelow mentioned names were called among themselves:-These names were given by Yudhishthira to his brothers before approaching the kingdom.Draupadi—→Not givenYudhishthir —->JayaBhim—→JayantaArjun—→VijayaNakul—->JayadsenaSahadev—->JayadbalaReference:Wikipedia and Mr.Arul Selva Perarasan’s “Muzhu Mahabharatham”Edit: More information from Mr.V.Subramanian IyerNakul-In some of the books it is Damagranthi and Arishtnemi	When pandavas were in exile . Their names were.Yudistira kept his name as kanka and he knows ashwa vidya.Bheema as ballava and he knows cooking.Droupathi as maalini and she knows different types of hairstyles.Arjuna as bruhannale and he kows music and dance.Sahadeva as aristanemi, tantipala and he had complete knowledge of cows.Nakula as grantika and he had complete knowledge of horses.	Yudhistir: Kanka, a Brahmin and an expert dice player.Bhim: Vallabh, a cookArjun: Bruhannalla, eunuch a dancerNakul: Arishtnemi,Sahadev: TantripalBest Regards,SUBRAMANIAN.V	
What are mind blowing facts about Mahabharata	Kauravas had a step brother Yuyuthsa, who was born to Dhruthsrastra and his maid Sugadha.Only two members (immortals) from the Kauravas side were alive :- Ashwatthama and Krupacharya. Ashwatthama was cursed by Lord Krishna to lead a worst life of suffering from wounds and hunger for 3000 years. Where as, Kripacharya was given an opportunity and was teaching the warfare skills to Parikshith (Son of Abhimanyu and Uttara). Reluctance mattersParasurama who conquered the whole world was once defeated by his own disciple Bhishma.Abhimanyu knew to enter inside the Chakravyuha, the toughest war startegy when he was in his mother’s womb itself.Sahadeva was the intelligent of all the Pandavas and Kauravas. It is believed that he got much intelligence after eating his father’s brain. Because of it, Lord Krishna cursed him to die if he speak out. Even Duryodhan requested Sahadev to fix a suitable muhurtha for the Kurukshetra war.Indradeva (the King of goddess) once came to Karna in the form of a beggar for asking Karna’s armours, which he got by birth as alms. Karna gave his armours to Indradeva and in return Indradeva blessed a Shakthi weapon to Karna, with which he wanted to kill Arjun. But unfortunately, he used it for killing Ghatotkach.Arjun alone defeated whole Kuru Army in the Virata War before the Kurukshetra War by dressing up like an enunch. Bheem killed Keechak in the Virat’s Kingdom by dressing up like Draupadi.Bheema, Duryodha, Keechak, Hidimbasura, and Jarasandh were born in same cosmic phase (Nakshatra) which made their fate mingled with each other. The first one to kill any one of them, will kill the remaining three. As the result, Bheem killed all the four of them.Barbik (Son of Ghatotkach) had the ability to kill all the Kauravas at a time. But, he was killed by Lord Krishna before the Kurukshetra war. Reason:- Barbik’s mother ordered him to fight for the weaker side. So, he would have killed all the Pandavas and Kauravas by switching between Pandavas and Kauravas side. He requested Lord Krishna to give a chance to witness the Kurukshetra war before dying. So Lord Krishna placed his head on top of a hill facing the battle field of Kurukshetra.Ekalavya, who became famous for his Guru Bhakti by donating his right thumb finger to Dronacharya was killed by Lord Krishna. Reason:- He didn’t stop practicing archery and became a great warrior even after he lose his thumb finger. But, he was in support for Jarasandh, who was repeatedly attacked and defeated by Lord Krishna.Greatness of Dronacharya:- Dronacharya once declined to teach archery to Ekalavya. But, he taught archery to Drishtadyumn (Son of Drupad), even when he knew that Drishtadyumn was born to kill him.Greatness of Arjun:- Already proved his greatness in Archery by defeating Kauravas. Once again proved his greatness of his heart. On the first day of the Kursukshetra war, Arjun came to war field and was speaking with Lord Krishna “Hey Lord ! How can I enjoy the Kingdom by killing my beloved Grandfather Bhishma, my beloved Teacher Dronacharya, my beloved brothers and friends Kauravas. Let them take the Kingdom and enjoy it. I can’t kill them for the Kingdom”. He is great because these words were spoken by Arjun even after so many difficulties, insults faced by the Kauravas. Then Lord Krishna preached him the Bhagavadgita and made him to fight and win over the Evil.Dritharastra’s strength:- After completion of the Kurukshetra war, Dritharastra cam near the battle field along with his wife. He came to know that Bheem killed his beloved son Duryodhan. He congratulated the Pandavas and asked Bheem to hug him. Then Lord Krishna placed a iron idol as Bheem. Then Dritharastra destroyed the idol with his full strength just by hugging it.Vibhishana’s support for Yudhistir:- Vibhishana (Younger Brother of Ravana and one of the seven immortals) supported Yudhistir for making the Rajasuya yaga.Lord Hanuman’s support for the Pandavas:- Once when the Pandavas were in the exile, Draupadi asked Bheem to bring a folwer named Sugandhika. Then Bheem walked towards the lake filled with many of those flowers. On the way, he witnessed a old monkey taking rest. Then Bheem asked to move his tail away from the way. Moneky replied “I can’t. If you can, move it by your own.” Then Bheem tried, tried and failed. Then Hanuman showed his real form and blessed him with huge strength by hugging him. And he also promised to support them in the Kurukshetra war, by being on the Arjun’s chariot in the form of a flag.Arjun once fought against Lord Shiva and was blessed with Pasupatha Astra, which he used to send the separated head of Saindhav (Jayadradh) to his father.Arjun fought against his father Indra Deva too by supporting the Agni Deva for burning the Khandava forest as a medicine.Like Kauravas, Gandhari had hundred elder brothers and Shakuni was one of them.All the hundred brothers of Gandhari and her father were captured by Bhishma and were given only one rice grain per day as food. Then all of them sacrificed their food & gave to Shakuni. Later they died of hunger by taking an oath from Shakuni to destroy the Kauravas.The dice used by Shakuni were made from his father’s spine. His father blessed him that the dice will show the numbers according to his wish.Thank You for reading..! I will add few more in future.JAI HIND !	1.As a matter of beauty dark complexion was considered much better than the fair complexion. Example is that Draupadi was black in complexion and was very pretty.Krishna was also black in complexion.Word Kakvarni is often used for this.2.The pair of dice that Shakuni used to play with was made up of bones of his father. And were chanted to destroy the Kuru clan because they( Shakuni’s Brothers and his father) were killed by Kauravs.3.Shikandi was a woman named AMBA who took birth just to take revenge with BHISHMA. She was used as a shield when Arjuna converted the episode into Bhishma on the bed of arrows.4.THE HUNDRED SONS OF Dhrithrastra & Gandhari were born each from a little piece of flesh because the kid that Gandhari gave birth to was half-born and all sons were born of a special cult practised by sages by dipping 100 pieces of flesh in hundred Ghee Utensils ( kalash ).5.Lord Krishna and Arjuna were cousins and were almost of same age.6.Lord krishna actually had more than sixteen thousand wives.7.Sage Vyasa who wrote Mahabharata played most important role in the births of Dhritrastra , Pandu and Vidura through NIYOGA. Pandu, Dhritrastra and Vidura were not Kurus biologicaly.8.Duryodhana used to be more powerful than Bhima ( was defeated by unfair means by Bhima) , later flowers were showered on Duryodhana on his death like a warrior.9. From vedic Age the fight between Indra God and God of Sun was certain . When God of Sun gave birth to his son KARNA on earth , Lord Indra gave birth to Arjuna to continue the chronical enmity.10. Some texts says the GODDESS OF EARTH requested The LORD VISHNU to giva way to a heavy carnage on earth so that she could fulfill her desire to drink(not literlly) the blood of humans who had spolied and consumed it for thousands of years. Then Lord Vishnu incarnated himself into KRISHNA and took major part in Battle of MAHABHARTA.Sources listed herebelow :2) Shakuni - Wikipedia<Early days -para 4>3) Amba (Mahabharata) - Wikipedia4) Kaurava - Wikipedia<Children of Dharitrastra - First three paragraphs>6) Junior wives of Krishna - WikipediaWives 16000+8 or 16100+8.8)Duryodhana - Wikipedia<Gada-yuddah> [ Last four paragraphs]	Some of the Interesting and Fascinating facts of Mahabharat are listed below:1. Krishna rode a chariot that was heavily potent and once when Arjun was done with the war, Krishna asked him to get off the chariot first and then he got off. As soon as he got off, the chariot exploded in a huge fireball. That’s when he explained to Arjun why he asked him to get off the chariot first. All the fires, missiles and arrows directed towards Arjun’s Ratha was stopped by Shree Krishna himself to protect Arjun but since the purpose of all these arms was to detonate, it was done after Shree Krishna moved out from the Ratha.2. Hastinapur (of Bharat Varsha) was the most opulent and developed place in the history of mankind during Mahabharat’s time. It had all the resources that a civilized state comprises of: dams, artificial ponds, irrigation, monuments, temples and learned Sages.3. Sahadeva (the youngest Pandav) knew everything about the future. He knew that a war was going to occur, but he kept silent because he was under a curse that if he revealed anything to anybody he would die.4. Arjun’s ‘pilgrimage’ for breaking his marital laws with Draupadi earned him three more wives. They were Chitrangada (Manipura), Ulupi (Naga) and Subhadra.5. Arjun was unable to defend the wives of Krishna from common robbers after Krishna’s departure to Vaikuntha. His bow became heavy and he forgot all his mantras. The 8 main wives committed suicide. The others were kidnapped by robbers.6. Yudhistira learnt to play dice form the Sage Vrihadaswa who narrated the story of Nala and Damayanti in their exile.7. Bhima had one surviving son named Sarvaga by Balandhara, who was not given the throne despite being much elder to Parikshit. He became the ruler of Kashi (his mother’s land) instead.8. Ekalavya was actually Krishna’s cousin. He was the son of Devashrava (brother of Vasudeva) who got lost in the forest and was found by a Nishada Hiranyadhanu. Ekalavya died protecting his father during Rukmini Swayamvar. He was killed by Krishna. For his great sacrifice of Gurudakshina, Krishna blessed Ekalavya that he would be soon reincarnated and take revenge on Drona. This person was Dhristadyumna (who killed Drona).9. Krishna himself said to Arjun in Bhagwat Geeta ”O invincible one, you are Nara and I am Hari Narayana, and we, the sages Nara-Narayana, have come to this world at proper time”. (Nara Narayan are considered as the part avatars of Vishnu).10. Mahabharat is also known as Pancham Veda, the fifth Veda.11. Krishna broke his promise. In the battle of Mahabharat, Lord Krishna promised that he will not pick up any weapon. On the other hand Bhishma promised Duryodhan that he will fight like a lion and will either kill Arjun or make Lord Krishna break his promise. To respect words of his bhakt Bhisma, Krishna broke his promise and saved Bhisma from embarrassment. The intense battle between Bhishma and Arjun began, but despite being extremely powerful, Arjun was no match to Bhishma. Arjun was soon helpless when Bhagwan Krishna could not tolerate it and immediately threw down the chariot rein and jumped out of it onto the battle field and lifted one of the chariot’s wheels and charged towards Bhishma determined to kill him. Arjun tried to stop Lord Krishna, but all in vain.12. Vidura (chief counsel of Dhritharashtra) was the incarnation of Yamaraj after being cursed by Manduk Muni to become a Sudra (the less intelligent class of men in the society) because he killed a small insect which was not harming him by accident.13. Some references indicate that Vidura was in possession of a mysterious and very powerful bow – gifted to him by Vishnu himself. The wielder of the bow would not face defeat in battle. When Krishna comes to make peace with the Kauravas – Duryodhana insults Vidura so much that Vidura decides that he will not participate in the war and in an attempt to completely fructify it, he breaks his bow in half.14. There are different versions of the epic. One version is for Deva Loka.15. Lots of past incidents including the Amrit Manthan are part of the original Mahabharata epic. The entire epic was narrated as a flashback at the Sarpa Yagna being conducted by Janamejaya, the son of Parikshit (Arjun’s Grandson). There are also inferences which narrate why the Sarpa Yagna had to be conducted, and who were all the people acting as catalysts for the Yagna.16. Krishna knew that the time has come, Arjun and his sister Subhadra are to be united. He confronted Arjun and told him to kidnap her. When Arjun did kidnap her, Balarama and the other Yadavas were furious. They were up in arms and were getting ready to chase Arjun and oust him in battle. Balarama stopped the entire frenzy and exclaimed that Krishna is sitting silently. When asked, Krishna replied that I think what Arjun has done is in accordance with Kshatriya dharma, as it is happening with the permission of Subhadra and family’s wishes (Krishna himself permitted Arjun). That is how Arjun got away with marrying Krishna’s sister Subhadra.17. Krishna tried to narrate the Bhagavad Gita to Duryodhana. Obviously, if Duryodhana would have been educated, then the entire war would have been averted. But, Duryodhana told Krishna that he already knows what is right and what is wrong. His argument to Krishna was that there is some internal force within him which does not allow his mind to choose what is right. That his Prakriti is not allowing him to act as per his dharma.18. Krishna is arguably the most difficult character to understand, as without bhakti no one can comprehend the existence of Bhagwan. Once, he even started fighting with Arjun. Bhagwan Shiv got so perturbed that he descended to stop the fight. He asked what Krishna was doing. Krishna’s simple reply was that Arjun needed to fight in battle and hence Krishna was testing Arjun.19. Mahabharat is indeed a treasure house of knowledge. In the Vana Parvam, Draupadi teaches Patni dharma to Satyabhama. She elaborately explains the duties of a wife and the principles of a Pati-vrata. The teachings are still considered as the best practices for the deserving husbands of today. The golden words invoke sense of pride, respect and gratitude towards husband, that gets replicated in forming able children who in turn also respect their older parents in future.20. The Kauravas were all mis-named because of their bad reputation. Duryodhana (which means Evil warrior) was actually Suyodhana (Good warrior), Dusshasana (means Bad ruler) was actually Sushaasana (good ruler), Dusshala (meaning one who moves badly) was actually Suchala (one who moves nicely) and so on. Though, India has a population of over 125 crore people today, you will hardly find single individual having names of major Kauravas, even enemies do not call names of their rivals on Kauravas, since it is considered as bad omen. No baby is named after them.21. In Mahabharat, Shakuni appears to be on the side of Kauravas, but his secret intention was the downfall of both Pandavas and Kauravas. There was bitter past behind his hatredness. Tragedy struck Gandhar, on the advice of astrologers, to avert a calamity it was said that Gandhari marry to a goat for the Yagna before getting married to Dhritarashtra. Because Gandhari was Kanya and Yagna could have caused harm to her husband. Technically, this made Gandhari a widow and Dhritarashtra her second husband. Many years later when her husband Dhritrashtra learns about this truth, shocked and enraged, Dhritrashtra puts Gandhari’s entire family, including king Subala in prison. In prison, they were served just one fistful of rice every day. Realizing that this was an elaborate plan to starve them to death, Gandhari’s father declared that none but his youngest son would eat the sparse food being served, so that at least one amongst them would survive to avenge the death of the rest. The youngest son of king Subala was Shakuni. He survived and swore not to rest until all of Kuru kingdom is destroyed. He used the thigh bones of his father to make the dice with which he was able to defeat the Pandavas in the gambling match, and thus which eventually led to the war at Kurukshetra and also to the destruction of entire Kuru clan. His father twisted his one leg to give him a permanent limp as a constant reminder of revenge.In some of the versions of Mahabharat, Shakuni is also known as a devotee of Bhagwan Krishna.22. Draupadi was asked 3 times by Duryodhana to come to the court after her husbands lost her in dicing. Draupadi kept denying and asked Duryodhana to question Yudhistira whether he staked himself first or her first. Duryodhana asked Draupadi to question her husband in court directly. Yet Draupadi refused to come and sent the attendant back. Duryodhana lost his temper and ordered Dusshasana to bring her there at any cost.23. After the whole incident of Draupadi vastraharan, Draupadi herself apologises to the court saying “I had been dragged here and humiliated. In all that has occured, I did not bow down to the elders of the court and the family. My apologies to them.”Even in such adverse situation, Draupadi remembered her dharma of Putravadhu. This bought tears in the eyes of elders and Bhisma. Draupadi never said “Andhe Ka Putra Andha” as per original Mahabharat. No single verse is found where Draupadi humiliates guest Duryodhana.24. Jayadrath, who is mainly held responsible for slaying the 16 year old Abhimanyu (Arjun’s son) in the Chakravyuh, was in fact the only brother-in-law to the 101 Pandava and Kaurava brothers, married to their sister Dushala.25. The narration of the Bhagavad Gita by Krishna was heard firsthand not only by Arjun but also Hanuman and Sanjay. Hanuman was perched on top of Arjuna’s chariot throughout the battle of Kurukshetra and Sanjay was blessed by Ved Vyas with divine vision in order to narrate the events of the battle to Dhritharashtra.26. Iranvan, Son of Uloopi and Arjun self-sacrificed to the goddess Kali to show his bhakti towards her and ensure favor and the victory of the Pandavas in the war, with a wish to marry a girl before dying; to fulfill his wish Krishna married to him as Mohini (the roop he took during Samudra Manthan to protect Amrit) and cried after his death like a real wife.27. Draupadi was a daughter of Panchal King Draupad. She did tapasya and prayed Bhagwan Shiv. After appearance of Shiv, she asked for the boon to marry a great man who had 14 of the best qualities. Bhagwan Shiv informed her such 14 qualities are not possible to be present in the yoni of a human being. But Draupadi insisted, so there upon Bhagwan Shiv granted her a wish – a marriage with 5 great men who would have 14 such great qualities, and also after every morning bath she would regain her virginity.28. In his previous life, Dhritarashtra was a tyrant king, who one day while walking on the lake side saw a swan bird surrounded by hundred cygnets (young swans). He ordered to remove the swan bird’s eyes and kill all the hundred cygnets just for his passing fancy. Therefore, in next birth he was born blind and all his sons were killed in the war.29. Bhishma was among the Eight Vasus (attendants to Indra) and was cursed by Sage Vsashishta for stealing his cow to get born from Ganga. Although other 7 seven Vasus were drowned by Ganga just after their death , Bhishma was kept alive because of persuasion of his father Shantanu, and thus served the mortal form.30. Krishna once protested to Yudhishthira that why the king of Indraprastha did not seek his assistance while playing the game of dice. If Sakuni could have played the game of dice on behalf of Duryodhana, then definitely Krishna could have played on behalf of the Pandavas.31. It is said by some scholars that many verses of Mahabharat composed by Vyas were difficult for his scribe, the God of intelligence, Shree Ganesha to understand. These verses were understood by Ganesh in a split second’s break. This break allowed Vyas to visualize the further verses. But, these verses are so difficult that 80% of them remain unsolved even today. There are 8800 such verses in the Mahabharat. The recall of incidents and writing it all over so accurately was never done before in modern times by anyone.32. Satyavati (mother of Vyasa) was the daughter of a cursed apsara named Adrika.33. Ved Vyas was the father of Dhritrashtra, Pandu and Vidura.34. Ved Vyas (Vyasa) simply wrote the history of his own sons, grandsons and great grandsons – all the while keeping himself entangled in the intricacies of the future of the kingdom of Hastinapur and yet remaining out of it.35. Out of five Pandavas, three were the sons of Kunti – Yudhisthira from Yama, Bhima from Vayu and Arjuna from Indra. Other two sons, morning and evening stars, Ashwini were of Pandu’s second wife, Madri. All sky gods were called by Kunti to plant their seed in the wombs of these two wives. Pandu was not father of any of his sons.36. While in exile, the Pandavas were travelling all across the country. At one time, it so happened that they reached a forest near Dwarka. They were all resting under a tree when prominent Yadavas came to meet them. The Yadavas were raged at the condition of the Pandavas. They proclaimed that this is not how these virtuous men must suffer. Warriors like Satyaki and others insisted that they shall all go right now and destroy Duryodhana. They argued that the Pandavas were under oath to not attack, not the Yadavas. All were spirited to march to Hastinapur for war. Krishna was silent and everyone looked to him for sermon. Krishna merely pointed at Yudhishthira and said that “if this man agrees, then we shall go to war.”Yudhishthira folded his hands and said that “you all must please leave us in our state as of now. My dharma has already been fixed. There is an understanding that myself and Duryodhana have arrived at. It is adharma to interpret it differently and fish for loopholes. I must follow my dharma.”37. In Indralok, Arjun was propositioned by Apsara Urvashi, but he used to address her as ‘mother’. Annoyed with Arjun’s rejection, Urvashi cursed him that he would become a eunuch. When Devraj Indra came to know about the curse, he told Arjun that this curse is going to serve as a boon during the one year stay in hiding and after spending that period, he would regain his masculinity. This proved to be significant in Mahabharat. After spending 12 years in forest, Pandavas spent the 13th year of exile incognito, in the court of King Virat. Arjun used his curse as blessing and lived as a eunuch named Brihannala. This teaches that if adverse condition arises and life is in danger then disguising in any form to escape and remain alive becomes important. Many future kings of Bharat followed this principle of disguise and escaped their death from the evil clutches of enemy. Mahabharat teaches many things including morality and truth which can be practically adapted in life to save people and his leader’s life.38. The situation Bhagwan Krishna supported the Pandavas in Mahabharat. Duryodhan and Arjun both went to Dwarka to meet Bhagwan Krishna to seek his support for the war. Duryodhan was first to reach Dwarka. Satyaki informed that Krishna was asleep. Both Arjun and Duryodhan entered Krishna’s room. Duryodhan who entered the room first, sat on Krishna’s bed besides his head. Arjun went to the foot of the bed and stood there with his hands folded. When Krishna woke up he saw Arjun first. But Duryodhan said that since he came first it was only fair for Krishna to support the Kauravas. However, Krishna smiled and said that since he saw Arjun first so it would only be fair if he supported both the sides. So, on one hand was his famous Narayani army and on the other hand was he alone without any weapon. Duryodhana choose Narayani Sena. Arjun took support of Shree Krishna.39. Yudhisthir was very well known for his firm adherence to truth. But in the battle of Mahabharat, Drona who was Kauravas commander was killing thousands of Pandavas warriors. Krishna made a plan and Drona was told that Ashwathama has died. The plan was set in motion when Bheema killed an elephant named Ashwathama and loudly proclaimed that he was dead. Drona went up to Yudhisthir to ask him the truth, he replied that he was not sure of who had died, his son or the elephant. Bhagwan Krishna knew that Yudhithir won’t be able to lie, so when he was speaking the truth, Krishna made loud noise by beating the drums, which dissolved Yudhisthir’s words. Drona was disheartened and laid down his weapons. He was later killed.40. Mahabharat war lasted mere 18 days but killed millions of people, thousands of elephants and horses. Even today, traces of radiation are found in the places where the war was fought. Scientists often describe, in recent history, first ever nuclear war in the world was fought in India before 3000 BC.41. After Sri Kirshna left the earth, Pandavas too lost their interest in life. They started their journey to heaven with a dog. All Pandavas lost their lives during the journey. Only Yudhisthir and the dog made it to heaven. That dog was Yamaraj.42. Karna was born with Kavach and Kundala. Ashwathama had mani on his forehead since birth.43. Karna’s teacher was Parshuram.44. Karna and Bhisma never fought together because Karna had taken an oath not to fight till Bhisma is alive and a general of the Kauravas. Later he meets dying Bhisma to pay homage and seek forgiveness for his past errors. Bhisma receives Karna kindly, pardons him with affectionate words, then urges that Karna should not fight the war on Kauravas side because they are wrong and unjust; Bhisma recommends Karna to fight on the side of his step brothers Pandavas because they are on the side of truth and justice. Karna refuses to accept the advice of dying Bhisma.45. Of the 100 brothers of Kaurava, only Yuyutsu survived the Mahabharata war.46. Yuyutsu had fought from Pandavas side.47. Bheem killed 99 brothers of Kauravas.48. The only person who witnessed the Mahabharat war and is still alive is Ashwathama.49. Drona was born in a vessel. He was sage Bharadwaj’s son.50. Krishna forgave Shishupala 100 times before killing him.51. The biggest front to front war ever fought in the history of mankind. The size of Pandavas‘ army in the Kurukshetra war was 7 Akshauhinis, and those of Kauravas 11 Akshauhinis. An Akshauhini (Sanskrit: अक्षौहिणी), is described in the Mahabharat as a battle formation consisting of 21,870 chariots (Sanskrit ratha); 21,870 elephants; 65,610 cavalry and 109,350 infantry as per the Mahabharata (Adi Parva 2.15-23).The ratio is 1 chariot : 1 elephant : 3 cavalry : 5 infantry soldiers. In each of these large number groups (65,610, etc.), the digits add up to 18.The Akshauhini comprises of Gaja, Ratha, Ashwa and Padhata as follows:One elephant (Gaja), one chariot (Ratha), three horses (Ashwa) and five foot soldiers (Padhata) form a Patti;Three Pattis form a Sena-Mukha;Three Sena-Mukhas make a Gulma;Three Gulmas a Gana;Three Ganas a Vahini;Three Vahinis a Pruthana;Three Pruthanas a Chamu;Three Chamus a Anikini;Ten Anikinis form an Akshauhini. Thus an Akshauhini, by calculation, contains 21,870 elephants, 21,870 chariots, 65,610 Horses, and 109,350 foot soldiers.Strength of Kuru ArmyKuru Army of 11 Akshauhinis is formed by the kingdom of Hastinapur in alliance with races like the Samshaptakas, Trigartas, the Narayana army, the Sindhu army and Shalya of Madra.Commanders in Chief of the War for the Kurus: Bhishma (10 days), Drona (5 days), Karna (2 days), Shalya (1 day), Ashwatthama (after Duryodhana loses the mace fight with Bheem)Atirathis: Jayadratha and Shakuni.Maharathis: Duryodhana, Dushasana, Vikarna, Kripacharya, Shalya, Bhisma, Dronacharya, Karna and Ashwathama.Kaurava Army and Duryodhana’s Allies:Bhagadatta the veteran – 1 AkshauhiniShalya, king of Madra – 1 AkshauhiniNila of Mahishmati – 1 Akshauhini (from south)Kritavarma (Krishna’s Narayani sena of Yadavas) – 1 AkshauhiniJayadratha (Saindhava) – 1 AkshauhiniSudakshina, king of Kambhoja – 1 Akshauhini (has Yavanas & Sakas in his troops)Vinda and Anuvinda (from Avanti) – 1 AkshauhiniKalinga Forces – 1 AkshauhiniShakuni of Gandhara – 1 AkshauhiniSusharma of Trigata – 1 AkshauhiniKurus and other Allies – 1 AkshauhiniKauravas had 240570 Elephants, 240570 Chariots, 721710 Horses and 1202850 Foot Soldiers.Strength of Pandava ArmyPandava Army: is a coalition of 7 Akshauhinis, primarily the Panchala and Matsya forces, the Rakshasa forces of Bhima’s son, and Vrishni-Yadava heroes.Atirathis: Uttara, Shikhandi and UpapandavasMaharathis: Bhima, Nakula, Yuyutsu, Sahadeva, Yudhishthira, Dhristadyumna, Satyaki, Ghatotkacha,Abhimanyu, Drupada, Virata and ArjunaPandava Army and their Allies:Satyaki of the Vrishni clan – 1 AkshauhiniGhatotkacha – 1 AkshauhiniDhrishtaketu, king of Chedis – 1 AkshauhiniSahadeva, son of Jarasandha – 1 Akshauhini (from Magadha)Drupada with his sons – 1 AkshauhiniVirata the king of Matsya – 1 AkshauhiniPandya, Chola and other allies – 1 AkshauhiniThe 4 types of units that make up an Akshauhini can also be seen in Chaturanga, the chess, which was formed based on Mahabharat war.Pandavas had 153090 Elephants, 153090 Chariots, 459270 Horses and 765450 Foot Soldiers.	Mahabharata war is one of the greatest war that took place around 3139BC. The fact that makes this war unique is that it is a Dharma war (war with truth). The war started with some agreements and fair decisions so that the war continues with truth and fair.Here is an incident of fairness before the war.As war was very near, both Duryodhan and Arjuna came to Lord Krishna to seek help and blessings. Duryadhan came first and sat beside Krishna, who was sleeping. Then came Arjuna who sat towards the leg of Krishna. When Krishna woke up and asked Arjuna what he wants then Duryadhan demanded that he came first and he must get the right to ask first. And like wise Krishna gave him the right, though he saw Arjuna first.Till this point everything was fair.As we all know that Pandavas were the good guys who wanted to destroy evil by killing Kauravas. But most of us might not know that most of the adharma, cheating, unfairness, misconduct were done by the Pandavas, particularly by Krishna. Here are some incidences/facts that will show the misconducts done by Pandavas which clearly indicates that it is an adharma (unfair) and biased war and God made it sure that no matter what, the victory must come to Pandavas only. So lets see.1 . You have got no right to take revenge for your foolishnessEveryone knows Duryodhan and Shakuni are very cunning person. They know well to use the weakness of people. Similarly they use the weakness of Yudhisthira for gambling. Being a well enlightened person, Yudhisthira should have known that gambling will cost him. He was so engrossed with the game that he saw his brothers and wife Draupadi as object and put them on stake. He knows he may lose them but still he did not care. After losing everyone in gamble for his greed, I dont think even Yudhisthir is any less poisonous than Duryodhana. If Yudhisthira wants to start war for losing in a game he played with full consent, then i think it's very unfair to take revenge for something which you allowed yourself.2 . Taking advantage of goodness.First let me ask. If i and you are on a boxing ring and i say that you cannot use your fist, will it be fair? Similar happened with Karna.Karna is endowed with a powerful vest and ear-rings by Sun God Surya. When Karna have his vest and rings worn, he becomes almost invincible. Krishna knows the fact that no Pandavas can kill him when Karna have those two. So Krishna made a silent unfair misconduct. He asked Lord Indra to take disguise of Brahmin (priest) and ask for alms to Karna when he goes for morning bath and prayer. Karna never say no to anything asked for, so when Indra asked for his vest and ear ring as alms, he gave it without any second thought. Karna knew that the disguise Brahmin was Indra but we never said anything. For his great sacrifice he was given the power of Brahmastha (nuclear bomb equivalent) which again had an unfair misconduct which i will tell later.3 . Yudhisthira, the most truthful Pandava, lied in war.The story goes like this. Dronacharya was invincible in the war. In order to kill him, Krishna made a witty plan. He told Bhima to kill an elephant with the name similar to Drona’s son, Aswattama. all the Pandavas began to cry out that Aswattama died. Thinking that his son died, Drona asked truthful Yudhisthira, is Aswattana dead. Yudhisthira said “Yes”. Later on he tried to say that it is not his son but an elephant, but Krishna made an unfair misconduct. When Yudhisthira was about to say that it is Actully An elephant, Krishna ordered to blow the war bugles loudly so that Drona doesn't hear the complete truth. As a result Drona thought his son died and got broke. He laid his weapons down and finally got killed.4 . Killing of Shishupal was not so fair.Sishupala was the cousin of Krishna. He is considered evil because of the following reasons.He is the incarnation of Ravana.He has good alliance with Jarasandha who is Kamsa's father in law.He is born with four hands and three eyes.Before i explain let me tell you a story. Suppose you are about to marry a girl. And if one day someone X elopes with your faïence despite knowing that you are going to marry her, will you be happy? Will you love X anymore? Will you not pour your wrath/anger on him? Yes?Now just replace yourself with Sishupala, your faïence by Rukmani and X by Krishna.Sishupala was to marry Rukmani. But Krishna eloped with her and made her his wife. For this Sishupala’s heart got broke. Therefore on the day of Rajasuya yugya of Yudhisthira( a kind of ceremony by Yudhisthira), Sishupala poured his wrath on Krishna when he see him getting honors after honors. So in order to shut him up Krishna beheaded his cousin Shishupala. I will open the debate to you whether killing of Sishupala was justified . What would you have done if you would have been Shishupala.5 . Breaking the rules of mace fight.So towards the end of the war, the fight is for Bhima and Duryodhana. They fought with gadda (mace). According to rules of mace fight, one cannot hit his opponent below the waist. But Bhima did exactly that. He hit Duryodhan on thighs on Krishna's order and defeatef him by breaking the rules of fight. Here are some speculations thought. Duryodhan was invincible except his thigh. So Bhima hit him there. Most people justified it to be fair but you cannot win something by breaking rules in a war called Dharma war. What is your view on this?6 . God like Krishna has no value of his promise.So it is like this. When Arjuna and Duryodhana came to Krishna for help, Krishna gave 1000 Narayani sena (1000 Godly Warriors) to Duryadhana and himself to Arjuna. Krishna made a vow that he will be just an adviser and will never took up weapons.But during the battlefield Arjuna was no match for Vishma. When Vishma was almost about to kill Arjuna. So Krishna broke his promise and took up a chariot wheel to kill Vishma. Looking at Krishna's unfair means, Vishma surrendered. So another misconduct by Krishna.Will add more. Follow me for interesting facts Suraj Kalita .Thanks.Bonus+Krishna was helpless. he had no other option other then being biased to PandavasThe story is not much known and goes like this. Pandu, father of Pandavas, said to Sahadeva that he must eat his brain. This will give him the power to see the future. So when Pandu died and was being incinerated, Sahadeva took a piece of his brain and run towards the forest. Krishna knew that if Sahadeva eats it he will become powerful like God. So he chase him to forest to stop him but Sahadeva already ate it. Krishna told the small boy not to say anything to others, not even about the war that is coming which Sahadeva already knew. Sahadeva made a deal that he will not say anything to others if Krishna promise to always protect the pandavas and if he fails he will die. Krishna though was angry but had to made the deal. So Krishna had no other option but to be on Pandavs.Note: many people are telling that Krishna and Pandava were thruthful and fair through out. So will ask two questions to them.Why Yadu clan had to suffer and perish?Why most Pandavas including Drapudi fall during their journey if they were fair through out their life time.	Mahabharata is a book full of mind-blowing facts and stories, I would love to share some of them here on this platform.Note -; All the facts are taken from Mahabharata Translated by Kisari Mohan Ganguly.1 Vyas Also Created Another version of Mahabharata.As per KMG Mahabharata, Ved Vyasa had originally composed Bharata in 24000 verses and 150 verses of epitome separately.this he taught first to his son Suka and then to other disciples.Then he composed another version of Mahabharata consisting of 60 lacs Verses among which30 lacs verses were composed for the world of Devas.15 lacs verses were composed for the worlds of Pitris.14 lacs verses were composed for the world of Yaksha, Gandharvas, and Rakshasas etc.And 1 Lac verses were composed for the world of Human.2 All the Warriors who died in the battle of Mahabharata were brought back to Life for one Night by Sage Ved Vyasa.This is another mind-blowing fact I am sharing from KMG translation. As per the book after Mahabharata war is over and Yudhisthara is the crowned King of Hastinapura and Dhritarashtra Leaves for the forest along with Gandhari, Kunti, Vidura, and Sanjaya.Then one day they were Visited by Pandavas and Ved Vyasa and knowing that Gandhari still grieves for the death of her Sons and even this Penance is not able to move her away from this pain.Then Ved Vyas blessed Gandhari that he will fulfill her one wish no matter what she asks for, then Gandhari wishes to see her Dead Sons and Ved Vyasa blessed her that all the warriors would come to life for one night and the place and time were chosen for the same.When the right time comes, Sage Vyasa with his ascetic powers brought all warriors back to life for full one night and all people spent their time with their kin and many people who chose to join their deceased loved one were united with them next morning to afterworld and remaining people goes back to Hastinapura happily knowing that their loved ones had received higher regions.3 Karna knew that Indra would come to him in the disguise of a Brahmin and would ask for his Natural Mail and earrings as Warned by God Sun yet he Chooses never to shy away from giving anything he is asked for during his worship.As per KMG Mahabharata Karna was warned by God sun in his dream that by tomorrow when would finish his daily prayers, Indra would Approach him in the guise of a Brahmin and would ask for his kavacha and Kundlas and request him to deny him these things, but Karna says that he would die but will never return someone emptyhanded from his place.So This incident and many other incidents prove that Karna was really a Gentleman in the company of wrong People, had he been on the sides of Pandavas the history would have been changed.Edit 14 Bhima Proud of His Prowess was Defeated by a Snake and he was saved By Yudhisthira.As Per KMG Mahabharata Translation Once Bhima, while Roaming in the jungle came face to face with a Giant Snake and Starts to fight him, Snake took him in the grip of his coil and Bhima wasn’t able to come out of that grip even after having the power of 10000 elephants in him.It was Yudhisthira who sensing some mishappening with Bhima tracks him down and by answering the questions of that Snake freed Bhima from his Grip.5 Bhima's Unconditional Love for DraupadiI know that Most the people know about the Bhima’s Love for Draupadi but Here is a Story which shows that Bhima was the one who loved Draupadi Most among five Pandavas.Once while Pandavas along with Draupadi were living in Forest were roaming in search of place suddenly, Draupadi felt the divine smell of a Flower which was under the dominion of very powerful Yakshas. She asks Bhima if he could get her those flowers to which Bhima agrees and set out to find those flowers for Draupadi.He went alone and didn’t tell anybody about it. Bhima went to the dominion of Yakshas and fights them and after defeating them he brought back those flowers for Draupadi to make her Happy.I will update lot more facts here as I get some Time.	Thanks for the asking such interesting question. There are some hidden facts of Mahabharata about which hardly anyone told you or you ever thought of. Some such secrets of Mahabharata are as follows:Balarama had originally planned to marry Subhadra to Duryodhan. But Subhadra wanted to marry Arjun so she ran away with him.Strange but true that there are 10 other Gitas that exist like Vyadh Gita, Ashtavakra Gita, Parashar Gita etc. Though Shri Bhagwad Gita is the pure and complete Gita which contains information by Lord Krishna.Amazing Draupadi was Goddess Durga’s Avatar. Once in the late night, Bhima saw that Draupadi, as Goddess Durga, was asking for Bhima’s blood in her empty bowl, scared to death, he narrated the entire story to his mother, Kunti. Then she asked Draupadi never to hurt Bhima. Being a mortal, Draupadi had to promise her and in the act she bites her lip hesitantly. Kunti wiped off the blood from her lips with the edge of her cloth and promised her that Bhima will fill the bowl for her.Bhishma was the only legitimate heir to the throne.So let's rewind the story a little bit. First, there was King Shantanu, who married Ganga, who gave birth to eight sons (who were all actually Devas cursed to be born on Earth). Yes? So Ganga managed to kill the first seven, freeing them from their curse. King Shantanu intervened as she was about to kill the eighth one, saving the only remaining son, who we know as Bhishma.In Mahabharata, Vidur was the avatar of Yamraj. As per the Mahabharata, Vidura was the half-brother to the kings Dhritarashtra and Pandu of Hastinapura, born the son of the sage Vyasa and Sûdri, a lady-in-waiting to the queens Ambika and Ambalika of the city. He was a great scholar of Dharma Shatra and Artha Shastra. Due to the curse of Rishi Mandavya’s he had to be born as human.Mahabharata was a world war. The real fight was not just between Pandavas and Kauravas, forces from Rome, Greece were also a part of it. The war caused widespread destruction, and totally destroyed the social structure and even raised question mark on the survival of humanity. But that was 5000 years earlier.Mahabharat is also known as Pancham Veda, the fifth Veda.The Kauravas were all mis-named because of their bad reputation. Duryodhana (which means Evil warrior) was actually Suyodhana (Good warrior), Dusshasana (means Bad ruler) was actually Sushaasana (good ruler), Dusshala (meaning one who moves badly) was actually Suchala (one who moves nicely) and so on. Though, India has a population of over 125 crore people today, you will hardly find single individual having names of major Kauravas, even enemies do not call names of their rivals on Kauravas, since it is considered as bad omen. No baby is named after them..Draupadi laughed at Bhishma when he was on the bed of arrows in his last moments while he was giving them knowledge he possessed.Dronacharya’s Birth – First test tube baby. Dronacharya, the guru of Pandavas and Kauravas had an unusual birth. He was probably the first test tube baby in the world.Once, when his father, Rishi Bharadwaja was getting ready for his evening prayers by taking a dip in the Ganges, he was amazed to find a beautiful woman, ‘apsara Krithaji’, who was bathing at his usual spot in the river. Seeing the Rishi, she got out of the river wearing a single loincloth. Bharadwaja was moved by her heavenly beauty and overpowered by the moment, he involuntarily emitted his semen. He then collected the same in a clay pot and stored it in a dark place in his ashram. After some period of time, a baby was born out of that pot who was Dronacharya. ‘Dronam’ means pot and ‘Dronar’ is one who was born from the pot.Draupadi is unable to get married in her previous birth so she started meditating. Lord Shiva impressed and appeared before her to fulfill her desired wish. She asked for the husband having all qualities and repeated her wish five times, that's why she got five husbands in the next birth.Thanks	
To what extent is the text of Mahabharata corroborated by archaeological evidence	Yes, there are archaeological evidences which supports the proof of Mahabharata.Kurukshetra is the place where the epic Mahabharata war fought for 18 days, more than 5000 years ago.Bhagavadgeetha describes Kurukshetra as ‘Dharmakshetra‘ – a place where ‘Dharma‘ is restored.The location of the battle was Kurukshetra in the modern state of Haryana in India.The battle was fought for throne of Hastinapur, which is now located between Meerut and Mawana in uttar Pradesh and is now a forgotten village, but excavations in 1952, revealed the existence ofvidurka – tilla (vidura’s palace),Draupadi – ki – rasoi (Draupadi’s Kitchen) andDraupadi Ghat,along with copper utensils, iron seals, Ornaments made of gold and silver, terracotta discs and several oblong shaped ivory dice used in the game of chauper (ancient game in which Duryodhana, with help of his maternal uncle Sakuni, defeated Yudhishtir and sent his brothers along with Draupadi to forest exile for 13 years).Hastinapur’s Sankrit name suggests that it embodies the might of elephants (Hasti = Elephant).Hastinapur is styled around the elephant motif, a fortified, heavy ominous dark stoned capital.In archaeological excavations around hastinapur, about 135 iron objects which includedarrow and spearheads,shafts,tongs,hooks,axes, andknives were found, which indicate the existence of a vigorous iron industry.There are indications of brick – lined roads and drainage systems, and an agro – livestock based economy.The painted grey ware (PGW) of Hastinapura has been assigned to 2800 BCE and beyond.Based on astronomy of Saptarishi Mandal (they align in same nakshatra/constellation every 100 years), kurukshetra war dates back to 3138 BCE.Ancient Indian Almanacs (Panchangs) have been mentioning Salivahana Saka and Vikramarka Saka(calendar) and also mention the year Jaya Nama Samvatsara (2014-15) as Kaliyuga’s 5116.So, its been 5115 years since the death of Lord Krishna and if we subtract 2014 from it, its 3101 BCE when Krishna left this planet and 36 years prior to that, Kurukshetra war was fought.These calculations are based on mentionings in Mahabharata.Krishna was 90 years old during war time and his life ended at the age of 126 years.Yudhishtir and Bheema were elder than Krishna, Arjuna was of same age, Nakul and Sahadev were younger.This is mentioned in a scene where Pandavas are about to leave for forest exile, Krishna bows to Elder two brothers, hugs middle brother Arjuna and blesses the younger two.According to the Matsya and vayu puranas a heavy flood on the river Ganga destroyed Hastinapur and Nichakshu, the fifth king after parikshit (Arjuna’s grand son) who ascended the throne after kurukshetra war, shifted his capital to kausambi, 50 kilomters from prayagraj.Evidence of devastation by the Ganga is still visible in the thick clay soil.Excavations in Kurukshetra, now in Haryana, yielded iron arrow and spearheads dated by Thermoluminence Test to 3100 BCE.Sage Veda Vyas also mentions in Mahabharata about usage of atomic weapons from both sides killing millions of soldiers and kings within 18 days.Present excavations at kurukshetra find that the stones at that place were exposed to radioactive energy thousands of years ago.SOURCE - Archaeological Excavations prove veracity of Mahabharata War around 3100 BCE - ArcheologyThe city of DwarakaThe site of drowned Dwaraka near Gujarat’s seashore (at present Dwaraka) also has artifacts dating back to 4000-5000 years old.Marine archaeology has also been utilized in India off the coast of the ancient port city of Dwaraka in Gujarat, uncovering further evidence in support of statements in the Vedic scriptures. An entire submerged city at Dvaraka, the ancient port city of Lord Krishna with its massive fort walls, piers, warfs and jetty has been found in the ocean as described in the Mahabharata and other Vedic literatures.REFERENCES - Archaeological Excavations prove veracity of Mahabharata War around 3100 BCE - ArcheologyEvidences that support Mahabharata actually happened in the pastArchaeologists find artefacts in UP village that point to Mahabharata link15 facts that prove Mahabharata happened for real!All the above posted evidence has been verified from more than 3 sites, Bhagavad Gita and puranas, it is accurate but I don’t know why most of the people are neglecting these facts which proves our epic is TRUE.There are still lot of evidences uncovered by archaeology which I’m digging deeper to come to an conclusion. If you guys show interest, will share those details in my next edit.Hope this helps..!!!Also ReadDeepak Singh's answer to Epics of India: Where was America and other countries when Ramayana and Mahabharata were happening in India?Deepak Singh's answer to How come Kunti became pregnant with Karna by just wishing a child from Lord Surya? Is there any hidden metaphor or philosophical explanation of this incident?Thank you :-)	There is no one conclusive evidence for this which everyone has agreed on IMO. But I could share some of the many articles available on the net for the same. Considered together, they do give indication of such an event happening thought it may not have been the way TV shows it.There have been researches conducted not just archeology based but also astronomical to determine if the Mahabharata indeed happened and if yes when. Both the epics Ramayana and Mahabharata include references of astronomy when defining events, for eg in the Ramayana when Hanuman is returning from Lanka Valmiki Ramayana - Sundara Kanda - Sarga 57 ﻿or the Mahabharata eclipses during the war, etc.Attaching the link of one article timing the war Vedic AstronomyLinks pertaining to the archeological surveys ASI discovers chariots and more from the Mahabharata era in UPYou could also include the submerged city found in the Gulf of Khambat to the list (Dwarka?). The Mahabharata text also describes the geography etc at that time in the form of a dialogue of Sanjaya with Dhritarastra from which an inference can be drawn that either the event might have happened or the person writing it knew of it all Bhishma Parva: Jamvu-khanda Nirmana Parva: Section VI.All these collectively could help us get an idea of the epic.	MAHABHARTA OR JAYSAHINTA actually happened about 2000 years ago , central Asian ARYANS are fond of war as they destructed Indus valley civilization then slowly moved from agrarian model to Mahajanpads . According to Puran , 16 Mahajanpads existed in 1500 bc thus Mahabharat was war between kuru and Panchal janpad but certain Feudal given shape of religion which was just like calling buddha incarnation of lord Vishnu thus it was just feud between families taken shape of larger conflict between Janpads . CERTAIN EVIDENCES IN BAGPAT PROOVES MAHABHARTA .	I had read more than 50 History Books. In every book Mahabharata and Ramanaya doesn't cater enough evidences.Here I am attaching a photo of a page from a History Book that I had read few months ago. READ HIGHLIGHTED PARTThe Book is - India’s Ancient Past - R.S. SharmaNote:- This book currently published by Oxford but previously around a decade or two back it was NCERT, which means Govt. had verified it at point of time that’s why they had introduced it in their syllabus.	Yes many archaeological evidences prooves the tuth of the Stefan Obradovic wtitten by Deepak Singh the remains of ancient cities are found in different parts of India which gives a clear sign of the existence of those cities and towns during the time of Mahabharata.	
Why didnt Bhishma kick Shakuni out of Hastinapur despite knowing Shakuni is behind provoking everyone	There was nothing in the hands of Bhishma, except that he could rise to mutiny against the King. Having himself a great might and the entire army being under him (he was worshipped by his army like a god and even the great kings dreamt of fighting a battle under the commandership of Bhishma since it was considered as a great honour), he could easily do that. [I think that if Bhishma rose against the Crown, Drona and Kripa would have supported him or they would have stood as spectators]. But Bhishma had vowed that he will support the throne entire life. So mutiny was not possible. As a result, Bhishma became an instrument in the hands of Dritarashtra. On the other hand, Dhritarashtra favoured Shakuni for his pleasing council that nurtured the hope of Dhritarashtra for making Duryodhana the King after him (not Yudhishthira, who was eldest among the Kuru sons).Kindly look into what Bhishma (as well as Drona, Kripa and Shalya) says to Yudhishthira when the latter approaches Bishma just before the battle begins (see In Bhishma Parva, Bhishma Vadha Parva, chapter 44, shloka 41-42 (Bhishma), 56–57 (Drona); 71–72 (Kripa) and 82–83 (Shalya).O Yudhishthira, a man is the servant (Daasa) of artha (livelihood) but livelihood is not the servant of anyone. I am bound to the Kaurvas by the artha-relationship (I am an employee). Hence I am telling you like an impotent man that I cannot fight against them (in your favour). Hence, tell me, what else can I do for you? (Shloka 41–42).It clearly shows Bhishma knew that he was a Daasa (a servant, an employee). He admitted it. Then how could Bhishma throw Shakuni out while Dhritarashtra was the host of Shakuni?	Thanks for Asking,Let me ask a question in return of your question.How could have Bhishma done that when Shakuni was the favourite minister of the Dhritarashtra and also the brother of queen Gandhari as well as maternal uncle of Kauravas?Shakuni was not the single person who provoked anyone. There were so many. Karna, Duryodhana, Dushahshna, Purochana, Kanika the minister of Dhritarashtra and more hidden ministers.If Bhishma could have been tried than he could been slain by Kaurava or Karna or Bhishma could have been exiled or pnushied by Dhritarashtra as a king of the Hastinapur.Bhishma had no capacity over the kingdom. He had accepted the Vairgya aka Brahmanas vow. He was not coveted to the Kingdom. So, he could not interfere in the decision of the Kuru King. He was the just an adviser like other ministers or as a warrior who has bound himself with the Kuru kingdom for saving it from external attacks.So, Bhishma could not have the power to throw out Shakuni from the Kuru court.Shree Hari…	Shakuni had the support of duryodana, Karna, dussasana. and duryodana had the support of his father dritarashtra. Infact it was vidura who advised the king to be rid of Shakuni. But coming under the sway of duryodhana and blinded by his love for him, the king gave way to all the evil doings of his kuru sons.Bhishma though the eldest of the lot did not have the clout to shut down their evil plans because the king thought otherwise, he could not supercede the king himself.Bhishma's sin was his silence during the fixed dice game and subsequently the disrobing of Panchali.His silence on many matters proved to be grave to the Pandavas temporarily and to the Kauravas permanently.	Bhishma was definitely physically capable of killing all kaurava army including Karna n Duryodhana single handedly if they tried to kill or kick him out.. Though he had the strength to make them dance to his tunes.. He never had a reason to think so, atleast based on his principles n self-imposed laws n analysis.Bhishma always wanted Kauravas and Pandavas to be together, which was an ilmusion.. He could never choose between either.. He always decided to leave them to their fate n not involve in their fights unless compelled lawfully as in Kurukshetra.LACK OF FUTURISTIC WISDOM N WILL TO TAKE ANY CONCLUSIVE ACTIONS TO WEED OUT ANY RELATIVES EVEN THOUGH HE BELIEVED THEY WERE DETRIMENTAL TO WELL BEING OF ALL , BEING BLINDED BY RELATIONSHIPS UNTIL N EVEN THEY HAVE DEGRADED N ROTTEN.. KIND OF SELF IMPOSED HELPLESSNESS IS ONLY REASON BHISHMA ALLOWED EVENTS OF HASTINAPUR TO OCCUR..	Thanks for the A2A.Did you ever hear someone say: “Keep your friends close, your enemies closer?” Maybe that’s precisely why Bhishma never sent Shakuni away despite his provocation and misbehaviour.It was always easier for him to keep an eye out when Shakuni was in Hastinapura and it was possible to keep the damage at the minimum. Thus he let Shakuni stay!Peace.	Himaksh,Your question is why Bhishma didn’t kick Shakuni out of Hastinapur, knowing well he was behind provoking?The answer for your question is not an easy one. The events which occured were like what occur in all abodes of kings and it is really interesting to know each and every happening on the basis of The Conspiracy Theory of Politics.1::: It is very well known that Bhishma was behind all the events by which Dhritrastra, Pandu and Vidura were born and since Dhritrastra was blind, he was not found fit to be a king, so his younger brother Pandu was made the king.2::: The events went beyond control of Bhishma when Pandu abdicated Hastinapur throne and the same man who was found unfit had to be allowed to occupy the throne till Hastinapur got its rightful ruler and there happened a mad race between the two brothers for having son as early as possible.3::: Pandu was the rightful king hence he thought that his son would be king being the son of king but Dhritrastra thought that since Pandu had abdicated the throne and he himself is installed till necessary king is not found so he thought that whoever gets elder son, that son would become the king and the destiny favoured Yudhisthira.4::: The Machiavellian Political activities were devised when Yudhisthira was made Yuvraja. All were sent to Varnavata and Bhishma was made to feel that they, the Pandavas burnt alive with Kunti by accident but it was conspiracy only.5::: By the time Bhishma smelt a rat, Bhishma found himself simply a servant, a glorified servant and Taat or Grandfather only in name and finally the kingdom had to be divided.Bhishma, Dronacharya, Kripacharya were reduced to mere servants and the orders were enforced of Karna, Shakuni and Duryodhana assisted by Dusshasana. The dice was played even when all grandmen opposed.After partition when Yudhisthira got the half kingdom, it is not clear with what moral or legal right Dhritrastra could still cling to the throne and Bhishma could not even ask Dhritrastra to vacate Hastinapur throne in favour of Duryodhana because Dhritrastra once found unfit was always unfit till its king is found. When Duryodhana versus Yudhisthira state of things were going on, Dhritrastra with connivance of Duryodhana, Shakuni and Karna used the state machineries to their best benefits and Bhishma and others were shifted to the sidelines.So we can find that the time of authority had already slipped from the hands of Bhishma and he just was left as a mere servant paid for his livelihood and so happened with Dronacharya and Kripacharya, Bhurishrava, Somdatta and Vahlika.We should know who the Vahlika, Somdatta and Bhurishrava were? Vahlika is the elder brother of Shantanu who got kingdom of his maternal uncle so he could not become the king of Hastinapur.I think, Dhritrastra was found to be lesser evil than Duryodhana,hence there arose no objection for his continuation as a king but Shakuni was a favoured person of the greater evils, ie, Duryodhana , Dusshasana and of Karna and Bhishma remained grand father of virtuous Pandavas hence all wanted Pandavas to become king from their bottom of the heart but were hapless lots.	
Why didnt Duryodhan get a punishment for the Varnavat incident	Who had capacity to punish him when Dhritrashtra was the King and Duryodhana was his favorite son.If Dhritrashtra or anyone could have tried to punish him, than they could have been slain by Duryodhana plus his team. You may see the result in Udyoga Parva when Dushashana said “If we will not obey the instruction of Krishna than king will capture us and give to the Pandavas.” and we all know after that Duryodhana and his team tried to capture Krishna himself in the Kuru court.Hence, I’m happy that no one had tried to punish him, if anyone could have done that than we have been lost the details of that warrior like Bhima’s foster brothers, who was killed by Duryodhana himself.Shree Hari…	
What is your review of the novel Arjun Without a Doubt based on Arjuna of the Mahabharata	Arjun Without A DoubtAuthor.Dr. Sweety Shinde.My reviewIt is a novel that stole my heart instantly.No other contemporary writer did justice to Arjun and Draupadi like Dr. Sweety Shinde did. I am thankful to her for creating this brilliant piece of creative excellence.Yes there is Maggi Lidchi Grassi’s “ The Great Golden Sacrifice” ..on Arjun. It is good but her Arjun loves Subhadra more.I like Arjun and Draupadi together…So I prefer Arjun Without Doubt..Ofcourse there are other factors that made me believe that my choice is the best..Dr. Sweety Shinde swept me off my feet with her brilliant depiction of Arjun,Draupadi and their journey of love.I reviewed it on Flipkart long back and I want to share my thoughts here also.Come Fall in loveThis was the caption of my review then. I urged all Arjun fans to read the book and fall in love with the love between Arjuna and Draupadi.Please don't be mistaken with the caption as it reminds you of the legendary romantic film that completed its 1000 week run . My reference is towards Dr.Sweety Shinde’s iconic romantic saga "Arjun with out a doubt", that plunges us neck deep into the ocean of Arjun's forbidden love and Drupadi's passionate love for him.Arjun's exploits were already sung by many writers who established him as the invincible and ever victorious warrior par excellence. Incidentally, this is the first time I came across some one as talented as our author who gracefully marches towards the innermost layers of his heart with great conviction. She is 100% successful as she touches the chord and effortlessly connects with the readers who admire Arjun and Draupadi.Language & style: In Sanskrit poetics Jagannatha pandit offers the definition of a kavya thus "ramaniyartha pratipadakah Sabah kavyam". The word that expresses beautiful sense is an epic.Arjun Without doubt stands true to the definition .The author's superior skills in choosing the words with beautiful sense definitely places her above many of her contemporary writers. Not only that her ability to surprise the readers with subtle humour mixed with sarcasm distinguishes her from others.Creative skillsMere usage of words alone is not enough to win the connoisseur . It should be on par with creativity. The author's creative excellence competes with her writing skills. The way she humanises Gandiva, making Droupadi feel it as her co-wife or sister, a first of it's kind."When Agnidev offers Gandiva to Arjun…his feelingsI turned and beheld the most - well the second most beautiful thing in my life".Here the author ‘s subtle indication is towards Draupadi,the first most beautiful one in Arjun’s life.The great gandiva comes to life in this tale of love. Superb imagination indeed.Agnidev remarks with sarcasm..” I hope you won’t share it with anybody else.Agnidev being Panchali’s father in true sense taunts Arjun for sharing his wife.There are so many lines through out the book that proves her amazing creative skills..Infact I would like to share each and every line and conversation but I can not do it here.The Love StoryThe author's tribute to the passionate love of arjun and Draupadi interwoven with gripping situations enthrals the reader.Their journey of love,hurt,separation,jealousy, reconciliation......."..it is just like sailing on a raft in the ocean of love and that too on a full moon night.As an ardent Draupadi -arjun fan, I am grateful to Sweety Shinde for her grit and determination to present the unsung love story that was overlooked by many…for different reasons.From their first walk to their last journey ,she makes us believe in their love and pine with them. I can not pick my cherished moments as i am in love with the book in totality.Still to introduce the romantic splendour of itI would like to quote some of my most loved ones..........Draupadi to Krishna “ Does he mean so much to you?Krishna answers..I can not imagine a world without him. I wish I die before him.I would not survive in a world that does not have him.Another gem..The scene .Arjuna comes back from heaven.Arjun ‘s monologueI saw a streak of golden brown and my wife is in my arms.I held her close .How fragile she felt..I noticed how delicate and tiny she was..No strength is needed to tow her through the halls of Hastinapur.We Who were smug about our physical strength.and yet she had won on that terrible day.There must be something stronger than physical strength that sustained her .Her mind. A mind that refused to be enslaved.A mind that refused to be a pawn.a mind that could argue with clarity and confidence. It made all the difference. If only we had the simple strength to say no to Dice game.She was trembling. I realised with a shock.she was crying….Let me see you once..I coaxed her but she shook her head and stayed where she was.My take: I just shout out in awe and praise for such heart warming description of the re union of Arjun and Draupadi.. I saved it in my memory and feel the pain and bliss whenever I want to .experience the Devine moment.To summariseArjun Without Doubt presents us the story of Arjun and Draupadi ,taking events of the epic that will enable the purpose of the author to rediscover and highlight the emotional journey without delving deeper into the other parts of the epic..Some May feel incomplete without those parts but I totally support the scope set for the topic as relevant and sufficient to explore the depth of the charecters I mean the two protagonists Arjun,Draupadi and not to forget the prominent part slotted to Krishna..without whom both are incomplete.FinallyCome Fall in love..I repeat my slogan.This book is a feast for those who love Arjun ,Draupadi and their love for each other.	Arjun Without a Doubt is one of the most interesting novels on Mahabharata. I've reviewed it on Goodreads:First of all, thanks a lot Dr.Shinde (Sweety Shinde) for breaking recent proclivity of glorifying villains & vilifying heroes. I fully agreed with sentence in preface of the book that; "The Central theme can never belong to anyone else but the Hero".Arjun, Draupadi & Krishn : The Missile, The Trajectory & The Vision. Dr.Shinde beautifully portrayed about this concept.Read the full review at: Rajdipsinh Zala's review of Arjun Many people reviewed the novel in Goodreads and it has positive reviews. It is worth reading!	
How come in the Mahabharata the descendants of Satyavati a Suta fisherwoman are considered as Kshatriyas and not Sutas	The question is rife with misconceptions. Clearing them requires a deeper look than has been hitherto provided, and in writing this answer I hope to address a variety of popular errors (including spelling).Verse references are made to the Critical Editions of the Rāmāyana and the Mahābhārata in (Book, Chapter, Verse) format.Part I: Who was a sūta?The word sūta is a masculine noun of unknown origin and originally referred to persons employed in high positions by royalty, namely heralds, messengers, ministers, grooms and charioteers (both civilian and military). The word also referred to wandering minstrels who composed and sang sagas about the exploits of kṣatriya warriors and kings.[The word should not be confused with the word suta meaning son, which is also spelled with a long ū in some texts. The origins of this other word are well-documented and it has cognates in other Indo-European languages including the English word son.]It is difficult to say if the word referred to these professions first and was later applied to the caste that bears that name or the other way around. However the probability of the former being true is higher because the word sūta does not have a feminine form, indicating that it referred to a class of people who were always male. In contrast every varṇa, patronym and even demonym has a female form e.g. cāṇḍālī, yādavī and kausalyā.Further there is no patronym derived from the word sūta. Children of sūtas are referred to as sūta-nandana or sūta-putra. The word sauta was a modern invention by Dr S V Kelkar.Nevertheless it turns out that most sūtas were the progeny of specifically a kṣatriya father and a brāhmaṇī mother.As has been already said in other answers, an inter-varṇa marriage where the bride was from a varṇa lower than the bridegroom was common and acceptable. These were called anuloma marriages. The children of such marriages were not considered avarṇa and usually identified with the varṇa of the mother (not father) while being considered the legitimate heirs of the father.The opposite situation, where the bride was from a higher varṇa than the bridegroom resulted in a marriage called viloma or pratiloma and was frowned upon and the children were usually considered avarṇa.Part II: Were the sūtas victims of caste-based discrimination?Nope. There is not a shred of evidence from any source that would even imply such a thing, despite most sūtas being products of viloma marriages.There are a couple of reasons for this. Firstly they were the progeny of the two highest rungs of society - who were both in a position to make exceptions for themselves.Secondly, the sūtas were often a powerful lot, with access to royal patronage and the skill-sets and career paths of both kṣatriyas and brāhmaṇas.Take the career of sūtas as military charioteers for example. In the Ramayana at least, the word sūta was almost exclusively used in the sense of charioteer.Yet we know that in ancient India, and in many modern militaries, the driver of combat vehicles are invariably soldiers themselves. They have to be. Which explains why the sūta Karṇa was given access to military training along with the princes.In fact the best charioteers in mythology were often kṣatriya royalty – from Dasaratha (whose name literally means one who takes his chariot to the ten directions), to Kṛṣna Vāsudeva and Śalya.The latter cases also reveal another aspect of the role of military charioteer i.e. that they were to support and serve as military and spiritual counsel to the warriors. Even in the Rāmāyana, where Indra had lent his divine chariot and charioteer Mātali to Rāma for his final battle (Yuddhakānda, 90, 4-12), it was Mātali who advised Rāma to use the astra of Brahmā against Rāvana. (Yuddhakānda, 97, 1-3).A similar case can be made for the other most common career path for the sūtas, i.e. as ministers and bards.All of these are cerebral pursuits fit for brāhmaṇas yet require intimate knowledge of kṣatriya affairs. While these positions and professions can and were indeed held by both pure-bred kṣatriyas and brāhmaṇas, the sūtas had the extra advantage of being exposed to both worlds and were highly sought after.But perhaps the greatest evidence of the power held by the sūtas lies in their recognition as the author/narrators of both the mahākāvyas and the purāṇas.[1] They literally wrote (fictional) history and shaped the culture of India, Nepal, Thailand and other Southeast Asian countries.Part III: Was Satyavatī a sūta?No. Neither was her adopted father, who was a fisherman/boatman. The Sanskrit word used is a dāśa which means fisherman/boatman and is related to the word dāsa.Satyavatī (original name Matsyasagandhinī) and her twin brother Matsya were the children of King Vasu Uparichara, a descendant of Pūru and a fish who had swallowed the king’s semen (the fish was a cursed apsarā named Adrikā)The fisherman who caught the fish was flabbergasted to find a pair of human babies inside the fish he had just killed. Upon her death the fish resumed her original form as an apsarā and revealed the parentage of her babies. The fisherman took the children to their true father, King Vasu. Vasu kept the son, Matsya, but gave his daughter to the fisherman, saying “let this girl be yours”. (Adīparva, 57, 38-55)Later, when Śaṁtanu asked Satyavatī’s (adopted) father for her hand in marriage, the fisherman is referred to as dāśaraja i.e. king/chief of fishermen/boatmen (Adīparva, 94, 44 onwards). This information is not found in the earlier reference, where he is referred to simply as matsyaghāta (fish-killer) and dāśa.Further, when Devavrata goes to see the fisherman we find a couple of very interesting verses (Adīparva, 94, 64-72). Firstly, we learn that Devavrata did not go alone – he took a number of kṣatriya elders with him. Secondly, the fisherman informs the group thatSatyavatī’s biological father was a great man/of noble birth (ārya) who was Devavrata’s equal in all good qualities (including his lineage)Said biological father had specifically recommended Śaṁtanu as being worthy of Satyavatī’s hand in marriageThus, not only was Satyavatī of noble birth, both Devavrata and the kṣatriya elders were very much aware of that fact. The validity of their marriage, and the varṇa of her children were therefore never in dispute, both in-story and from the audience’s point of view.Part III: Satyavatī’s descendantsThe text of the Mahābhārata establishes the fact that both Satyavatī and her husband Śaṁtanu, were patrilineal descendants of Pūru. That means all three of her children, including Kṛṣna Dvaipāyana, were Pauravas.Naturally, there is no doubt about the lineage and varṇa of Pāṇḍu and Dhṛtaraṣṭra. As for Vidura, he was the son of a servant maid and therefore a confirmed śūdra. (Adīparva, 101)Further down the family tree we have the Pāṇḍavas, whom some modern skeptics have claimed as illegitimate. This claim is completely bogus because they were children born by Pāṇḍu’s consent, from Pāṇḍu’s wives and therefore in all respects Pāṇḍu’s legitimate children.Not only that, several episodes in the text confirm their legitimacy including but not limited to:1. (Adīparva, 117) After Pāṇḍu’s death and Madri’s immolation, a number of accomplished sages and ascetics gathered together and escorted Kuntī and the children to Hastinapura. At the city gates, these sages sent a message to the King. In response to their message and the spectacle of the huge assembly of sages the entire population of Hastinapura arrived to receive them. Thereafter the sages proclaimed to entire gathering that the children were sons of Pāṇḍu begotten by the respective devatās and then disapparated.Like in the episode with Satyavatī, the mortal and divine parentage of the Pāṇḍavas was made known to the entire public. We are told explicitly that everyone, both royal and common, accepted this information and extended every courtesy to the Pāṇḍavas.Later, we also learn that the Pāṇḍavas gain the public’s favour to the extent of being welcomed as future kings, (Adīparva, 130) which prompts Karṇa, Śakuni and Duryodhana to plot their assassination in the house of lac (Adīparva, 131–132).2. The gandharva King Angaraparṇa who recognised the Pāṇḍavas and addressed them as the descendants of Tapatī, daughter of the Sun God, and mother of Kuru – therefore confirming that they were also Kauravas, just like their cousins (Adīparva, 159-160)At this point it would be a good time to clarify that Bharata and his various descendants were not Candravaṁśīs (descended from the moon God) as is popularly stated. They were matrilineally descended from the sun God through both Ilā and Tapatī. Chapters 70, 89 and 90 of Adīparva confirm the absence of Candra from the entire Bharata family tree.3. (Adīparva, 127, 14) Some people have said that Duryodhana questioned the Pāṇḍavas’ legitimacy when he said “भवतां च यथा जन्म तदप्यागमितं नृपैः” (I also know how you i.e. the Pāṇḍavas, were born). But in the very previous verses he talked about the strange births of Kartikeya, Droṇa and Kr̥pācārya as well as the repopulation of kṣatriyas by brāhmaṇa men begetting children on kṣatriya women.Clearly Duryodhana was not challenging the Pāṇḍavas’ legitimacy - he was merely stating a fact - that he knew about their Pāṇḍavas’ parentage (see point 1 above) and he made a case that all these examples indicate that Karṇa with his exceptional skills may also have been of such unusual and elite parentage.As for Karṇa, he too was a Pāṇḍava as confirmed by Kṛṣna Vāsudeva and himself. (Udyogaparva, 138-139). He however chose to remain loyal to the profession and caste of his foster parents. For this he faced zero discrimination – Kr̥pācārya stopped him from competing with Arjuna only because he was common (i.e. not royal), and Rāma son of Jamadagni cursed him because he lied about being a brāhmaṇa (which he did). Draupadī did not reject him because he didn’t compete for her hand.Karṇa was adopted by loving and well-connected parents, grew up with the Kaurava princes, and lived a life of untold prosperity. For all this he was a jealous, spiteful and evil person and was paid in full for his transgressions.[2] [3]Bonus Section: The YādavasIn the Mahābhārata the Yādavas are the descendants of Bharata through Yadu, eldest son of Yayāti and brother of Pūru. Because Yadu had refused his father’s request he and his brothers Turvasu, Anu and Druhyu were cast out among the Mlecchas, and ruled the regions outside the Ganga-Yamuna basin that formed the core of Pūru’s dominion.Now Yadu and Turvasu were indeed born of a brāhmaṇī mother (Devayānī) and a kṣatriya father (Yayāti). However their marriage was properly sanctioned by Devayānī’s father Śukrācārya and was not considered pratiloma, and at all points in the text the various branches of the Yaduvaṁśa were explicitly identified as kṣatriyas.Therefore the claim that Kṛṣna Vāsudeva, who belonged to the Vārṣṇeya branch of the Yādava tribe, or that Yādavas in general were persecuted on account of being low-caste is also unsupported by the text.When people change stories to increase the representation of people from oppressed classes, they may be trying to take control of narratives that deliberately exclude them. So such changes and interpolations are understandable, even empowering.However in this particular case choosing the sūtas as poster children of the oppressed is actually disturbing, because they are frankly privileged characters who are promoted at the cost of the numerous descriptions of legitimately oppressed people in these very same texts. For example, in all my time here I have not come across a single fan of Karṇa who raised their voice against the frankly inhuman portrayal of cāṇḍālas in the Mahābhārata .Therefore I implore all people to choose their heroes carefully, and avoid looking up to mythology for empowerment – be they women, LGBTQ+ people, avarṇas or any other oppressed class – truly, you will find only disappointment, not heroes. Look instead into real history, and to our present accomplishments – through these alone we will make progress and find justice.Footnotes[1] isbn:8125014241 - Google Search[2] Ishita Roy's answer to Was Karna really a tragic hero or did he deserve his fate?[3] Ishita Roy's answer to In the Mahabharata, why did Karna go to Hell after he died fighting the battle in Kurukshetra?	Satyavati was actually the daughter of a very esteemed Kastriya lineage (if anyone remembers the name of her biological father kindly share it in the comments). The misconception arises because of the comical and unbelievable circumstances of her birth.Satyavati’s biological father, whose name and lineage I forgot, was out for hunting. He was sitting under a tree when he got “excited" thinking about his new wife. Miles beyond in the palace, his queen was ovulating too. Which for some reason, the husband had counted and known.So he decides he wants to send his “seed" to his wife. He collects his— you know what --- in a small bottle and gives it to his pet (?) eagle to carry to the palace.When the eagle flies, other eagles think it is carrying a snake. And they attack the messenger eagle, due to which the bottle falls down from the sky. It drops into an ocean and gets consumed by a fish.I don’t know how the seed gets fertilized inside the fish's womb and how do the babies do not form deformed, but anyways. So one fisherman catches the fish pregnant with human babies. He finds twins: a boy and a girl. He takes the babies to his king, the ruler of the Matsya kingdom (which is not a fisherman tribe, but the epic Matsya kingdom where later Pandavas take refuge during there 13 years exile and spend the last year in incognito. The same place where the Virata war took place). The King accepts the boy baby and tells the fisherman to adopt the girl baby.This is how Satyavati gets “adopted" by a fisherman, after having a supposedly “high" birth.Wierd. Hillarious. Unbelievable. But word of the text.	There is a very strange story of the previous life of Satyavati. I too found the story quite difficult to gather.She was a demi-goddess from heaven, in her earlier life. She was the maanasa putri (brain child) of Sage Mareechi’s manes called Barhisha’s. Imagining a Goddess emanating from mane of a Sage is something difficult to gather in contemporary context which relies on science and materialism. But, if it is to be believed, I have kept the words as clear as I could from the texts that I have referred to.Satyavati, in her previous life had done penance for over a thousand years in reverence to the Barhishad’s and sought one of the Barhisha’s named Maavasu as her husband. How could a daughter be the wife of the father? The Barhisha’s got perturbed due to this amoral thought and cursed her to fall from heaven. Satyavati began falling upside down. She sought pardon while falling upside down.The manes bade her to survive on the residue of good acts of gods - “devataa karma phala bhoktRitvam”. then, she would be born in the womb of a fish during 28th dwaapara era, and that she would bring forth Veda vyaasa through Paraashara, and then get married to Shantanu.In order to beget Lord Veda Vyaasa as her son, she then performed penance for a thousand years unto Lord Narayana. Lord Narayana told her that he would be born as her son during Dwaapara through Sage Paraashara.Vasu Chakravarti was a Kshatriya King. He was a well learned Sage like King with intricate and subtle knowledge on righteousness, astrology, Kshatriya code of conduct and a dharma artha tattvagnya. He had a good control on hawks and occasionally bade them carry his seed as he knew that he was the one who would be the father of Satyavati. Once his seed carried by a hawk fell into a lake in which entered an accursed apsara named Adrika who had taken birth as a fish’s womb. She gave birth to twins - a boy and a girl. The boy was named Matsya Raaja and the girl was named Matsya Gandha. Matsya Raaja was brought up by Vasu Chakravarti while Matsya Gandha was taken care by her surrogate father Daasha Raaja. She was renamed Satyavati by her surrogate father.Thus, Satyavati was not a fisherwoman / Shoodra by birth. She was a demi-goddess born due to a curse to a righteous Kshatriya King but taken care by Daasharaja.	Satyavati was daughter of Uparichara Vasu who was Kshatriya. King Virata is her twin brother. Jarasandha’s father Brahadrutha was Uparichara vasu’s eldest son. So satyavati was born Kshatriya but later she was nurtured by Dasharaja who was a king of fishermen	Because caste runs with fathers not with mothers . Husband of satywati ( shantanu ) was a Kshatriya so were his sons .	This is what is the crux of the matter. There is no caste by birth according to sanATanaDharma. It is only a professional group which one chooses.SaTyavaTi’s sons have chosen the profession of being kings and therefore they are professional kashaTryas.	
Does the Rakhigarhi study prove that the Hindu mythology the Vedas the Ramayana and the Mahabharata are less than 3800 years old only	Genes have nothing to do with religion or knowledge. There is no doubt that people in ancient times traveled around a lot and there were migrations of groups that moved away from problems to settle in better places. There is a difference between TRADITION and CULTURE. While tradition can be somehow linked to some “original race”, culture is something that can be rejected or chosen, and this includes knowledge and religion. However, you cannot equate TRADITION with RACE, because traditions can be lost much more easily than race. So in the end, someone who tries to PROVE something cultural or religious through genetics, that person is just a despicable racist and a stupid ignorant to boot. :-)Maybe you need to see the tradition and culture of your “race” wiped off the table, in order to get some understanding of reality. Let’s hope not.	God! knows which version of Rakhigarhi findings you have read but I am well versed with its findings and in the on going studies nothing of the kind has come to light which may suggest that Mahabharat and Ramayan are less than 3800 yrs.Vedas are eternal. Maharishi Krishna Dwaipayana Vyas / Veda Vyas had classified them into 4 parts and wrote it down / Lipi badh kiya, more than 5000 yrs ago. At the time of Mahabharat. Before that people memorised it orally and passed it on to their younger generation.	No. Mahabharat is 6000 years old and Ramayan is probably 7000 years older.	
Other than Karna who gave Arjuna the toughest fight in the Kurukshetra battle	Thanks for the question.I will come to Karna at the end of my answer.1.BhishmaContrary to what the general perception is Bhishma did not give the toughest fight..All through the ten days of war nothing much happened except for the loss of soldiers in Pandava side. Barring ist and 9 th day Bhishma hardly have had any impact on Arjun. Yes Krishna took weapon to slay Bhishma but the reason was Arjun’s mild way of fighting. Despite Gita Gyan Arjuna struggled to come to terms with the fact that he should play a prominent role in throwing down his beloved grandfather.When Arjuna shot Aindrastra Bhishma had no answer for that. He retreated back along with his army.The tenth day fight also did not project Bhishma as the invincible warrior. I refuse to accept Sikhandi as the reason since Bhishma fought with every one else barring Sikhandi. When Arjun thrashed Kaurava army away from protecting Bhishma ,Dussasan managed to be with him though he was repeatedly blasted and defeated.Neither did Bhishma’s Sakti weapon nor did anything else worked for him.Bhishma himself declared that he was injured by arrows from Gandiva but not by Sikhandi’s arrows.Bhishma was defeated by. Arjuna in Virat war also.Hence Bhishma never gave any tough fight to Arjuna. Arjuna’s benevolence and mildness towards his grandfather made it look different.2. DronaArjuna’s beloved preceptor stood helpless when his dearest desciple foiled all his plans to capture Yudhishtira. He was honest in admitting his incompetence before Duryothana.Excerpt“The three worlds with the gods, the Asuras, the Gandharvas, the Yakshas, the Nagas and the Rakshasas, cannot defeat the force that is protected by the diadem-decked (Arjuna). There where Govinda, the Creator of the universe is, and there where Arjuna is the commander, whose might can avail, save three-eyed Mahadeva's, O lord? “Drona could not protect Jayathrath from Arjuna despite his chakra Sakata vyuha consisting of all great maharathis Of his army toiling hard ..to save him.Arjuna defeated Drona in Virata war also. All in allDrona could not give a tough fight to Arjuna..3. AswathamaYes the son of Drona to some extent gave a tough fight though he could not ultimately overpower Jishnu in the end.Aswathama’s encounters with Arjuna hold interest since both are well equipped with devastating astras.Arjuna always tried to be benevolent while dueling with Aswathama.Krishna scolded him not to be so.(Excerpt)“Vibhatsu, otherwise called Jaya, smiling the while, quickly cut off the traces of Ashvatthama's steeds in that battle, with a razor-faced arrow. Already afflicted by the energy of Arjuna's shafts, the steeds of Drona's son thereupon ran away.”This was how Arjuna let him leave the place It happened whenever both of them faced each other.Aswathama never prevailed over Arjuna. On 14 th day also he faced defeat at Arjun’s hands.Aswathama’s Narayanastra was pacified by Krishna and Arjun by making their side bow before the Devine weapon.Aswathama’s Agneyastr was subdued by Arjuna’s Brahmastra.When Aswathama killed upapandavas and hurled Brahmasira at them Arjuna countered it with his own. Arjuna then was able to withdraw his weapon butAswathama could not take it back.On the whole Aswathama genuinely tried to offer a tough fight to Arjuna though he could not succeed completely in his endeavour.4.SamsaptakasThey are vast in number. Along with Trigarta king Susarma and his brothers,they literally monopolised Arjuna’s attention in the battle field. They successfully kept him away from Chakravyuh on 13 th day and thereby motivated Abhimanyu’s death all alone inside.Till last day Arjuna fought with them..Excerpt“Thus slaughtered by Pandu's son armed with the bow, that host fled away almost entirely, without leaving even a remnant, O Bharata, contending with the foe. Having vanquished large numbers of the samsaptakas in battle, Pritha's son Jishnu looked resplendent, like a blazing fire without smoke”Usually this was what happened every time Samsaptakas challenged Arjun for battle.Certainly the spirit and energy of Samsaptakas was laudable since they fought the invincible Arjuna without bothering about their lives.Yes.Samsaptakas gave him tough fight not in terms of valour but by consuming all his time and attention.BhagaduttaHe could never give a tough fight. He did not. His own admission that he can not stand before Arjuna in battle would falsify the argument that he gave a tough fight to Arjuna. He fought for eight days during Rajasuya conquest and admitted before Arjuna that he can not stand before him in battle.Na cha Saknomi te Tata Sthatum pramukhato yudhiI can not stand before you in battle..On 12 th day at Kurukshetra Bhagadutta already got fatally wounded in his vital limbs While Supratika fell on the earth due to Arjuna’s attack. The Vaishnavastra episode can not take away Arjuna’s credit in making Bhagadutta dejected and devastated.Bhagadutta could never give a tough fight to Arjuna.KarnaArjuna’s ultimate competitor gave him a tough fight only on 17 th day.. that is the final battle.Before that Karna never succeeded in making Arjuna feel the heat.Draupadi swayamvar aftermath.Karna accepted defeat. As per Southern Editions He was totally subdued by Arjuna and left the place.Virata war..Karna fled from the battle field.Kurukshetra.. again fled ,thrashed by Arjuna on 14 th day.16 th day..Karna himself admitted defeat17 th dayYes. That was the most anticipated, mother of battles.Karna did fight his best forcing Arjuna unleash all his skills.Yes he was severely wounded in his vital limbs..but stillThe battle was well fought..till the end.Barring the chariot wheel pretence,Karna tried his best to achieve success.ButDespite the tough fight,he did succumb to his more energetic,skillful and younger rival..FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sabha Parv Ch.23Unabridged Sanskrit versions.Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationSabha Parva XXV,XXVIDrona Parva XXXI,XXV,XXVIKarna Parva 27	Thanks for the A2A Rahul.The fight with Karna was tough, yes, because the Karna who fought Arjuna on the 17th day and the one who had been fighting all his life were like two different people. He had certainly saved the best of himself for what he knew would be their final showdown.Other than Karna, Arjuna’s fight with the Samsaptakas was the longest and the most exhausting for him. The Samsaptakas were the entire army of Trigarta who had sworn to kill Arjuna or die fighting. After taking that oath they conducted their own funeral rites. They fought him to the last man. The difficulty was that not only they were huge in numbers, but being composed of ordinary foot warriors as well as cavalry etc, Arjuna couldn’t use divine weapons on them. They retreated when overwhelmed, but before he could leave they would challenge him back! And the rules of war were that once challenged it was a matter of honor to fight, so Arjuna couldn’t ignore their challenge either. It was a very good war strategy on the part of Drona, actually, to keep the best warrior from the foes occupied. It’s like aggressive marking of the best player in a soccer match, where two players keep shadowing him so he’s unable to play his natural game. Neither could the pandavas afford to dedicate an Akshouhini or two to counter the samsaptakas, because they were short on numbers. So Arjuna fought mostly with ordinary weapons, and mostly alone, with thousands in a suicide squad. It was frustrating and exhausting at the same time.Another warrior who taxed him the most emotionally was Bhishma. People tend to think Bhishma was undefeatable and the pandavas couldn’t kill him without subterfuge, but the truth is slightly different.First, Bhishma couldn’t be killed without his own will at all, because Shantanu had given him such a boon. He could be incapacitated, which is ultimately what Arjuna did, but he couldn’t be killed unless he willed it.Second, Shikhandi had to be a part of the equation because such was his own wish as Amba. He was born to cause Bhishma’s death, so he couldn’t be pulled out of whatever scenario caused Bhishma’s fall.Third, although a maharathi, Shikhandi himself couldn’t defeat Bhishma. Not only did Bhishma refuse to engage with him on his own, Shikhandi lacked the capability to bring Bhishma down.Fourth, Bhishma was not undefeatable. He was well versed in most celestial weapons, he knew everything there was to know about the art of fighting, he was a veritable fount of knowledge and weapons, his leadership skills were awesome due mainly to his position and age, but he was not invincible. He was an old man, the grandfather of the main warriors. No matter how agile and fit he was for his age, he was nowhere close to Arjuna or Bhima or Duryodhana in energy. The time when he and Parashurama had drawn their fight was long past. He had been defeated by Arjuna in Virat war already. That’s not to say he was a doddering decrepit, but he was long past his prime and effective mainly because of his reputation and position as the family patriarch. In every clash with the Panchalas, he was never alone; Duryodhana was always looking out for him and sending people to help him. Whenever Arjuna put his heart into it, he ended up getting trounced by his grandson. He was mainly causing destruction in the army rather than on main warriors, but Yudhishthira was worried because they couldn’t afford it being lesser in numbers. Bhishma could’ve gone on indefinitely wiping out the pandavas army without actually doing much, but ultimately that would’ve tipped the scales so much that pandavas wouldn’t have been able to balance it.So Arjuna was forced to fight the one man he had absolutely no intention of fighting. The fight with Bhishma wasn’t ferocious as it was with Karna, but it was mentally and emotionally far more difficult for him. After Pandu’s death, Bhishma had taken the place of a father figure in a young Arjuna’s life, and the attachment formed then stayed with him always. He remembered the time he had climbed up on his grandfather’s lap with muddy feet, dirtying his clean white robes, he remembered when he had called him ‘father’, probably missing Pandu and finding the same affection from his grandfather. He also knew he was the only warrior who could stop Bhishma. So all the knowledge of Gita notwithstanding, Arjuna was emotionally torn between doing his duty and taking out the man who had almost replaced Pandu in his heart. He knew he could render Bhishma ineffective; there was never any doubt about that in his mind or in Bhishma’s mind, even; it was actually doing it that was very tough for him just because of his attachment.In terms of skill alone, the only fight Arjuna had that was ferocious was with Karna, and even that hadn’t lasted long. Arjuna was simply too good a warrior, despite some narrow escapes here and there. Drona could’ve given him a fight, though Arjuna had long surpassed drona in terms of skill, but of course Arjuna didn’t want to be in a position to harm his beloved teacher. Also, Dhri had been born for killing Drona, so there was that. Ashvatthama gave him a fight here and there, but like I said, Arjuna was far ahead of the individual warriors of the Kaurava side in skill as well as knowledge of weapons. Had it been simply a fight to defeat and not to kill, like the Virat war, Arjuna could’ve defeated everyone without breaking a sweat; he was an expert at fighting multiple foes. It was the killing of his loved ones involved that sapped his energy. Also, Kurukshetra was a vast battlefield and he couldn’t be everywhere at once. The rules of warfare also prohibited the firing of superior weapons on inferior forces, although Drona, Ashvatthama and Karna, all broke this rule once. So by the rule his most potent weapon, the Pashupatastra, couldn’t be used at all. He didn’t even try the Brahmashira until he was forced to invoke it to counter Ashvatthama after the war. To add to this, he mostly had to fight alone because his army was needed to shield Yudhishthira, while his opponents fought with their entire unit of support warriors as well as army. In his absence once, the entire Panchala forces had to make a human wall to protect Yudhishthira from being taken captive, so he couldn’t afford to take support warriors away. TV serials can neither show this aspect due to budget constraints, nor do they want to, for public sentiments and TRPs. Which is why most people think Arjuna wasn’t as good as he actually was in the epic.The truth is he simply was the best, leagues ahead of others in fact, and his toughest opponent was his own attachment that Krishna kept trying to subdue throughout. Sometimes He praised Arjuna to remind him he could beat anyone, sometimes He praised his opponents to get him to focus and to raise his ire, sometimes He berated him to forget his feelings and do his duty, and sometimes had to threaten to join the war Himself if Arjuna didn’t let his attachment go. This is the main reason Arjuna needed Krishna; he was capable enough to defeat anyone by himself alone, he needed Krishna because he couldn’t win over his own attachment by himself. Despite the Gita, he needed Krishna to guide him towards doing his duty again and again.	Karna never gave Arjuna tough fight. In fact he ran away on 14th day twice. on 16th day he again lost . On 17th day there was a fight which we could call a proper war but then Arjuna had fought tougher battles than those.Over all no one gave Arjuna tough fight above all. All were more of less equal. When it comes to Bhishma his struggle with Arjuna is overhyped. No doubt only he was the match for Arjuna in his side. But Arjuna defeated him thrice in 10 days specially on 3rd day. Once people drop the TV image of invincible Bhishma and leave the poetic words and see what was actually happening the fight which bhishma actually gave him was emotional not as a warrior.I would say trigartha gave Arjuna really tough fight in terms of frustrating him. They were not greats like karna or Bhishma but really a nuisance for Arjuna.But the only guy who in reality had the overpowering moment in war over Arjuna was Bhagdutt. Although it was his Vaishnavastra which brought that moment but still that was his luck and his weapon so we should give it to him. Arjuna although should be having the weapon too because it is described by both Bhishma and even Arjuna names weapons of vishnu from Krishna to uttara but at that moment he did not evoke it and Bhagdutt was fast.Other than that when Bhagdutt was creating havoc with his elephant over all , only Arjuna checked him and even broke the armor of sauptrika. He then was able to check and beat Bhagdutt but then angry Bhagdutt evokes Vaishnavastra but krishna saves Arjuna.Karna much hyped snake shaped arrow wrongly called Nagastra was actually Ashwasen credit. But here it is really one great moment where Arjuna was caught off guard. Some Arjuan fans say Arjuna would have checked it by Pashupat or his own Vaishavastra, which is true but was Arjuna ready? He was bound by his earlier promise and thus did not use it first and when Bhagdutt fired it he was not ready as it had already reached Krishna. I respect Arjuna a lot but that moment krishna saved Arjuna and that from a legal and proper attack.Neither does Bhishma has such moments due to his own power. Both were mild at times on each other and fought will full force at other occasions but we don’t see Bhishma getting better of a ‘Willing Arjuna”. When Bhishma fired his shakti on ARjuna he destroyed it and it annoyed Bhishma so much that he did not believe that could ever happen.Ashwthama too had his moments but that was Arjuna being mild on him and krishna said it too. Arjuna defeated Ashwathama many times and Krishna had to tell Arjuna to not show concern for son of his teacher but treat him as his enemy.Only Bhagdutt fights properly and here Arjuna is also not being mild on him. Although Bhagdutt too was friend of his father Indra and also an old ally of Pandu but not so deep bonding as such.Image source — Mrinal Rai	No one is there to give toughest in the war for Arjuna including Karna.Only Arjuna can destroy entire kauravas army in a fraction of seconds. But, no one in the Kauravas army having that much power.Before starting the war Duryodhana ask a question to everyone. How much time do you take to destroy the Pandavas army?Bheeshma and Drona saidI can destroy in a month.Krupaachary said I can destroy in 2 months.Aswadhama said I can destroy in 10 days.Karna said I can destroy in 5 days.After knowing this Yudhistira assembled his warriors and said his worries about their powers and repeated same question to Arjuna.Arjuna laughed at this question and said yes they have that much power but there is no need to worry about it.I can destroy entire three worlds within fractions of seconds by using my devine arrows but I don't do it. I'll use normal arrows except if there is no other option for me then only I'll use my devine weapons.	Bhisma by default , Remember Bhisma had itcha mrutyu by his side , means he cann not be killed by any power in entire universe until he wishes to . Bhisma had never lost any wars and battles and was the sole reason Kauravas had more army in numbers than dharmic pandvas and Krishna .Its mentioned everywhere in Mahabharta war that for 10 long days . Arjuna is clueless to even content Bhisma who was just cleaning the pandava army with ease . Krishna the god himself raises the weapon to stop Bhisma twice. If Arjuna was greater warrior than Bhisma , he could at least stop Bhisma if not defeat him .Arjuna and Krishna are so worried about the onslaught of Bhisma that they themselve send Yudhisthira to Bhisma to know the way to defeat Bhisma . What is the purspose of Krishna to send Pandvas to Bhisma . Arjuna injures Bhisma next day by hitting Bhisma hiding behind Shikhandi .The best archer who could hit Bhisma hiding from behind eunuch could not face the grand old man face to face with Krishna, hanuman , gandiva , divine weapons , etc by his side .Arjuna fans wont like it , but had Bhisma took on the fight personally and used his entire strength, he would have annihilated the pandva camp in matter of minutes .Bhusuvaras , trigadharas were next who harrased Arjuna .	Bhishma pitama gave the toughest fight to arjuna in war…even more toughest fight than karna…due to which lord vishnu sitting on arjun chariot had broken their vow and they ran to kill pitamah…..he is the only who defeated his father shantanu and stopped the flow of river ganga by power of bow and arrows when he was 16th….he also defeated lord parshuram….(Hence was the strongest warrior of all times )	
How was Jayadratha related to Gandhari	Jayadratha was the son-in-law of Gandhari and Dhritharastra. He was married to their daughter Dushala.	
Would Bhishma or Ashwathama be able to lift up the bow that was kept at Draupadi s Swayamvar and achieve the target	Ashwathama is incapable of shooting the ever moving fish but ,Bheeshma, the unparalleled archer and Dharma personified,would have/ could have done it easily ,rather with minimal and very minimal effort.	
Are Hastinapur Indraprasth of the same time	Thanks for Asking,Hastinapur was established by King Hastin, who was the linage of King Kuru who had established the land of Kuru aka Kururajya or KuruJangla or Kurukshetra.Indraprashtha was called as Khandav (sounds like Pandav) Prashtha (Land), which was ruled by Yayati himself who was the son of Nahusha (former Indra).When Puru became king, he had established other kingdom, maybe Panchala or Chedi or Maghdha, ancient after Khanav Prashtha. Pandavas got the land of Khanav and they have made it like Indraprashtha or Shakraprashtha (adobe of Indra God).So, basically Hastinapur was ruled by Dhritrashtra along with his sons and Indraprashtha was ruled by Yudhisthira with his brothers. After the great Kuru war, Indraprashtha was given to the survival son of Dhritrashtra called Yuyutsu who had fought from the Pandavas side.Yuyutsu was the son of Dhritrashtra from a maid servant kuru court.Shree Hari…	No they are of different time. Hastinapura is the capital city of kuru dynasty since the king hastin founded it and settled here since then. Hastinapura is basically city of elephants . It slowly became well developed capital and chatrapati rajya or empire of kurus. It was on upper gangetic river plains.Indraprastha was the commercial capital of pandava . They made the khandava forest into indra prastha.	Indraprasth origional khandav prasth was older than hastinapur, many kings of chandra vansh(vans of krishna and kuru) ruled from indraprasth. I hope you know about nahush who become indra when the ruling indra was not eligible due to brahmahatya. This city was later left by yadu vansh due to reason of flood and serpents.	Yes. Hastinapur was ruled by Kaurawas and Indraprashta was ruled by Pandawas before the great war.	
What is the reason why Duryodhana did not participate in Draupadis Swayamvar	At the time swayamvara was announced duryodhan was not eligible to participate because he was not a king or a yuvraj. To make him eligible dhritarashtr did his abhishek as yuvraj in hurry. F4om the side of hastinapur only duryodhan and karn was eligible then. In result, Duryodhan participated in panchal swayamvara but he was failed even he was not able to tie the sting of the dhanush, he was good for nothing in archary.	He did participate, so did Dushashana, Karna, and many other kings. And they all failed to string the bow.Here is the excerpt from Draupadi Swayamvara Parva of Debroy’s translation Of BORI critical edition of Mahabharata:“He who can string this bow and, after stringing, shoot the target above with these arrows, will obtain my daughter.” With these words, King Drupada announced the svayamvara everywhere. O descendant of the Bharata lineage! Hearing this, all the kings assembled. Many great-souled rishis also came there, wishing to witness the svayamvara. O king! The Kouravas, led by Duryodhana, also came there, accompanied by Karna.[…]Dhrishtadyumna said, “Duryodhana, Durvisaha, Durmukha, Dushpradharshana, Vivimshati, Vikarna, Saha, Duhshasana, Sama, Yuyutsu, Vatavega, Bhimavegadhara, Ugrayudha, Balaki, Kanakayu, Virochana, Sukundula, Chitrasena, Suvarcha, Kanakadhvaja, Nandaka, Bahushali, Kunduja and Vikata—these and others are the immensely powerful sons of Dhritarashtra. These warriors have come with Karna for your hand.Hundreds are the famous and great-souled kings, bulls among the Kshatriyas—Shakuni, Bala, Vrishaka and Brihadbala, all these sons of the king of Gandhara … the king of Kosala …”[…]Then, one after another, those kings exhibited their valour for Krishna. But the bow was so strong that with all their strength, they could not string it. The firm wood of the bow recoiled and flung those brave rulers of men on the ground. They failed in their desire and could be seen on the ground, miserable and broken in spirit. That firm bow caused them pain and shattered their bracelets and earrings. Having lost hopes of obtaining Krishna, that assembly of kings was crestfallen. In that assembly, those kings who boasted of noble birth then became objects of derision. Kunti’s brave son Jishnu then arose, wishing to string the bow and place an arrow on it.	
What happened when Krishna tried to kill Kansa	When lord krishna and Balrama killed the wrestler Canura and Mustika,everyone rejoiced except Kamsa at the wonderful feather krishna and Balarama had performed the exalted brahmanas and great saint exclaimed “excellent excellent” The bhoja king seeing that his best wrestlers had been killed or had fled stopped the musical performance, originally meant for his pleasure and spoke the following words.Kamsa said: Drive the two wwicked sons of Vasudeva out of the city! Confiscate the cowherds’ property and arrest that fool Nanda! Kill that most evil fool Vasudeva! And also kill my father, Ugrasen, along with his followers, who have all sided with our enemies.As Kamsa thus raven so audaciously, the infallible Lord Krishna, intensely angry, quickly and easily jumped up onto the high royal dais.Seeing Lord Krishna approaching like death personified, the quick-witted Kamsa instantly rose from his seat and took up his sword and shield. Sword in hand, kamsa moved quickly from side to side like a hawk in the sky. But lord Krishna whose fearsome strength is irresistible, powerfuly seized the demon just as the song of Tarksya might capture a snake.Grabbing Kamsa by the hair and knocking off his crown, the lord threw him off the elevated dais onto the wrestling mat. Then the independent lord threw himself upon the king as a lion drags a dead elephant, the lord than dragged Kamsa’s dead body along the ground in full view of everyone present.Hare krishna.	Simple answer: Kamsa was killed by Krishna.Read full details here: Srimad Bhagavatam: Canto 10Shree Hari…	Hari om, you are asking a question as to: “What happened when Krishna tried to kill Kansa?”.Hari om.Browse the following link for further details:Srimad Bhagavatam: Canto 10Hari om.	Kansa as whole you cannot kill it. because advaitha mixed with dvaitha, separate dvaitha, kill dvaitha, get advaitha, is the meaning,when you kill dvaitha or kansa, remained is advaitha, Advaitha is which caused this for temporary shake	Krishna did not try to kill Kansa. Rather Krishna killed Kansa. What happened was Kansa died.	Kansa died.There wasn't much ‘trying’ in that fight.	
Why was Karna so devoted to Duryodhana when he knew all along that Duryodhana was Adharmi	Thanks for A2AIt is only fair to distribute the adharma done in equal quantity. Blaming only Duryothana’s adharma and glorifying Karna as the innocent victim of circumstances works for those who never read the Epic properly or for those who interpret the Epic as per their taste..or for those who are addicted to distorted TV shows and fiction novels that present Duryodhana as the only adharmi and Karna as the Good Samaritan.Karna and Duryodhana had equal share in every adharma that happened in case of Pandavas.Karna chose to be on Duryodhana’s side in Gurukul itself. Reason? Jealousy..Excerpt“The Vrishnis and the Andhakas, and princes from various lands, and the (adopted) son of Radha of the Suta caste, (Karna), all became pupils of Drona. But of them all, the Suta child Karna, from jealousy, frequently defied Arjuna, and supported by Duryodhana, used to disregard the Pandavas”So they both became good friends for a common cause….that is to ruin Pandavas.The acts based on adharma that they did willingly ..can be traced back to Laksha grihThe list is here..to check.Laksha grih fire..Karna was very much aware of this conspiracy..Dice game..It was Karna who enjoyed adharma the most..he took Active part in insulting Draupadi and became the reason for her disrobing..Ghosha Yatra …Karna suggested this, not Duryodhana. He wanted to watch Arjuna and Draupadi living in poverty.Uttar go grahan..equal participation by Duryodhana and Karna.They chalked out the plan together.Karna was instrumental in making Krishna’s peace proposal a failure ..millions had lost their lives not because of Duryodhana but due to Karna who want to prove himself better than Arjun.Abhimanyu’s death..Karna had his share here.he was the one who broke Abhimanyu’s bow from behind.Finallywe should not forget what Veda Vyasa said in the Epic.duryodhano manyumayo mahAdrumaH; skandhaH karNaH shakunistasya shAkhAH |duHshAsanaH puShpaphale samRRiddhe; mUlaM rAjA dhRRitarAShTro.amanIShI || 65||Duryodhana is a big tree of evil passions; Karna is its trunk; Sakuni is its branches; Dussasana forms its abundant blossom and fruits; (while) the wise king Dhritarashtra is its toots.The tree and trunk equally important.So it is injustice to Duryodhana if he only is named as adharmi ..It will be proper if both are given their due..in adharma.Bori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Adi Parva Ch. 2Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adi Parva SectionCXXXIV	
Did the kingdoms of South India participate in the Mahabharata War at Kurukshetra	No the kingdom of south india did not participate in mahabharata. Only udupi king came to join the war but not to fight but to serve the troops of both side with food.Other kingdom were out of this war. They mostly were in support of pandvas by making ties with sahdeva.The main reason was south indian kingdoms were strong and united enough to confront the invaders coming from see so krishna (the supreme leader) didn't touched them to join the war. The main aim was to unite the all north indian kingdoms under one flag.	Pandya King Dhridhanwan (lower Tamilnadu) participated on the side of Pandavas. He was killed by Ashvatthama. In some versions his daughter was married to Arjun.King Nila of Mahishmati (central Karnataka ) was on the side of Kouravas, (dont know who killed himDravida (Upper Tamilnadu) army fighting for Kouravas was annihilated by Arjun (Dravida is not same as Chola (central TN), Chola were mentioned as participating in Yudhishthir's Rajasuya but not mentioned specifically in the war)King and his sons from Kalinga (orissa) participated on the side of Kouravas were killed by Bhima,Tulinga, Andhraka (Telangana, Andhra) also on Kourava side killed by ArjunLike Chola (central TN) Gomantaka (North Karnataka) and Konkana (Goa) kingdoms not specifically mentioned	Did the kingdoms of South India participate in Mahabharata War at Kurukshetra?Arjuna,Whether it is acceptable to the large readerships or not but the way the followers of the two shramanas tried to make for the people feel merely a variant of Ramayana,the writer of Mahabharata edited the entire Mahabharata.The war scenes of Ramayana were only two, Khara Dushana and Trishira and then the war with Ravana.These scenes were very carefully been perused and Non violence was introduced with the name changes.The war scenes in the Mahabharata were described in such a way that no one remained of the mindset of becoming Non Violent because all had lost their near and dears on both sides.Since in Ramayana the Rishyamuka appeared, the bridge on the ocean was also present even though in the mutilated form, Mahabharata had occurred later because Rama and incidences of the time of Rama are described in the Mahabharata, so it is unlikely that Southern Part of India could be left unaffected by the Author of Mahabharata.I have denied for the war of Rama and Ravana and so In my view there was no such war to magnitude of Mahabharata appeals to me to ever occurred, so the War apart every thing happened in whole of the Vrihattara Bharata.Pandya king has fought and he took part from the Pandavas side.Jamwanji sent token of gift to the Pandava king Yudhisthira.Mayandha who fought for Rama had established the Kingdom in the area of Sugreeva and Neela also had been shown to have fought.We know that Jamwantji married his daughter to Shri Krishna, thus the names of the warriors of Rama period are found in the Mahabharata.That is why insistence of the devotees is towards the name of Rama than to the real Rama.Can you imagine that 18×4 army in 7200000000000000000 monkeys could only cover the whole of earth with ocean too.Where stood the army of Ravana, because Earth had no place vacant.Similarly Mahabharata had 18 Akshohini and 30000000 warriors foot fighters remained with Kauravas at the time of death of Karna and 10000000 were left with Pandavas.This much amplitude warfare India could not have afforded.Then what was this all.The incidence which affected India from North to the tip of South in the Ramayana had been described in the form of war whereas the incidence of far reaching consequences affected India from Norh west to the most distant tip on South East part which has been described in the form of war.This is for us to find as to what were those incidences which had affected so vast an area.If Future India was in making several centuries before the actual India of the present time.	Yes, King of Madras along with his internal division joined to Duyodhana’s in the war against Panadavas, who all were their sister’s sons.King of Madras was called as Atirathi Shalya, who was slain by Yudhisthira on 18th Day. He had joined Duryodhana camp after giving him boon to ask anything. They all achieve their glorious death.Shree Hari…	Of course!I only have heard of one: king of Udupi kingdom of Karnataka joined the war as a neutral party.His kingdom took the charge of food. Their kitchen was common kitchen for all soldiers, apparently: both sides.	Every region of united India (Aryavart) fought in Mahabharata. Most of the South Indian kingdoms supported Pandavas in the war. King of Udipi was the only one who didn't fight but took care of fooding for all the warriors.	
Was Duryodhana wrong in believing that Karna will make him win the war easily	Duryodhana was not only wrong but also he had overconfidence over Karna. Karna was the motormouth and Karna had an invincible weapon called “Abusastra” which had no counter weapon. Karna and Duryodhana both were arrogant, foolish and self-booster.Duryodhana had realized it on 14th Day when Karna lost uncountable times by Bhima, Satyaki and Arjuna himself while saving Jayadratha. Duryodhana had realized whom he was thinking as invincible and again Duryodhana had realized on 14th night against Ghatotakcha where Karna became like a weak straw. They all were saved by Indra’s Shakti weapon, otherwise that night could be last night for all the Kaurava’s team.Shree Hari…	
Why was Karna so desperate to pull his chariot wheel Why didnt he fight bravely with Arjuna than pleading him to stop until he pulls out the wheel	Apart from his curses and destiny I certainly believe the reason being,Firstly, Karna always wanted to prove that he was the better perhaps the best archer and so on the Day of their battle he insisted that he battle Arjuna following all the rules of archer battle.So when his wheel got stuck he insisted that he should take his wheels out so that they can continue the battle legally.But lord Krishna knew that once he sat on his chariot and held his Vijaya bow, it would be impossible to defeat him.	
Why was Karna so desperate to pull the wheel of his chariot Why didnt he keep fighting like a warrior instead of pleading to Arjuna to wait until he pulls the chariot out	This is the funniest part of the epic. In entire epic all warriors lost their chariots at some point or another and were attacked even then also. They were either slayed or saved by their team by bringing other chariot. Dristhdyuma was saved from Ashwhatama by Arjuna. Bhima fought kalinga forces comprised of elephant fleet aided by Kauravas on chariot but he still fought and defeated them all.Even Arjuna fought on foot on 14th day when krishna rested horses for feeding them. All warriors attacked Arjuna and he resisted them on foot and they cried that they missed an opportunity. Abhimanyu fought without chariot and died valiantly but did not beg anyone.Karna himself escaped in other chariots many time. He never pleaded then but ran. He was saved by Dushana from Satyaki and he ran in his chariot too. So, attacking chariot, breaking chariot was a common thing. Chariotdrivers were killed as part of strategy and even Lord krishan was severely wounded by same karna.But now on 17th day a rare moment comes when karna out of blue decides to do unthinkable act and sticks to his chariot. He doesn’t ask for back up or even shalya to pull the chariot or do something. Those who have seen star bharat would say shalya refused but in epic nothing like that. Shalya couldn’t refuse at all as he had even prepared the chariot by himself. He could only use his tongue to insult karna but physically he was bound to follow all orders. Moreover, people forget that same shalya was one who motivated Karna when he was terrified after seeing Bhima killing Dusshana in brutal way. It is pure imagination and wrong to blame shalya.So why did karna do that stuff? The answer is in this very part from BORI CE where Karna is already injured on chariot and Arjuna was going to fire Raudrastra and just then his chariot stuck. Actually Karna was buying time thinking Arjuna won’t hit him and he would escape. He knew of the curse and thus confused what to do. Earlier karna had escaped many times but now he couldn’t as it became matter of ego. So, sticking to chariot was a good thing to do to waste time and wait to get an opportunity to think a way out.Having drunk Karna’s blood, they penetrated the ground, with thetufts smeared with blood. Vrisha became extremely angry at being struck by the arrows, like a giantserpent that has been beaten with a staff. He swiftly shot supreme arrows that were like giant serpentswith excellent poison. He struck Janardana with twelve arrows and Arjuna with ninety-nine. Karna again pierced Pandava with terrible arrows and roared loudly. Pandava could not tolerate this joy. He was like Indra in his valour. He shot supreme arrows, like Indra energetically striking Bala. Arjuna shot ninety arrows at Karna and each of them was like Yama’s staff. Those arrows severely mangled his body, like a mountain shattered by thunder. The crown on his head was decorated with gems and diamonds and he wore excellent earrings. These were severed by Dhananjaya’s arrows and fell down.His radiant and excellent armour was carefully crafted by the best of craftsmen over a long period oftime. It was extremely expensive. In an instant, Pandava shattered this into many fragments with his arrows. Having deprived him of his armour with those excellent arrows, he then angrily struck him with four arrows. Distressed and struck by his enemy, he was like a diseased person, suffering from bile, phlegm, wind and wounds. Arjuna spiritedly shot sharp arrows from the great circle of his bow.He made great efforts and struck with strength. Karna was struck by many supreme arrows and they penetrated his inner organs. Karna was struck by many of Partha’s sharp arrows. He was severely wounded by those arrows that were fierce and forceful. In that battle, when Karna severed his bowstring, he fixed another one so quickly that no one could make thisout. It was wonderful. Using his weapons, Radheya countered all of Savyasachi’s weapons. At that time, his valour seemed to be greater than that of Partha. Krishna saw that Arjuna was afflicted because of Karna’s weapons. He said, ‘O Partha! Go closer and strike him with the best weapons.’ Dhananjaya invoked an arrow with divine mantras. It was like a fire and the poison of a serpent. It was made completely out of iron. Kiriti united this with roudrastra and wished to shoot it. But, in that great battle, the earth swallowed up one of the wheels of Radheya’s chariot.But Krishna was very smart and he knew what Karna was thinking so he forced righteous ARjuna to kill him. Then Karna took his bow and started fighting and died. BORI has removed all those fake interpolated verses and it is clear that karna died while fighting.Source BORI CE as translated by Bibek debroy	He lost his tactical advantage: MobilityTo answer the above question, lets analyze the factors that came into play during that fateful day during the decisive Battle of Kurukshetra (est 3138 BC).Chariot WarfareA chariot was a type of carriage that served as a mobile attack platform in ancient warfare. It was driven by a charioteer and usually carried a warrior, an archer and an infantryman. An archer riding a chariot could strike from any direction at a fast speed and could be deployed easily to any part of the battlefield at will.A charioteer, also known as Suta in ancient India, was usually a Kshatriya commoner who was a personal acquaintance or companion of the chariot rider, who was usually a high ranking noble. It is important as the Suta should be able to maneuver the chariot according to the wishes and requirement of the rider. Some famous examples of Sutas from Mahabharata were Adhiratha, Karna’s adoptive father and Keechaka, King Virata’s brother-in-law. Karna was not ridiculed because he was low caste but because of his lower noble rank as Kshatriya commoner and upstart without royal blood. For example, King David of Israel-Judah, was a shepherd when he fought and defeated Goliath. Later, he joined King Saul’s army, rising through the ranks to become personal companion and shield bearer(Suta) to Jonathan, King Saul’s eldest son and heir(courtesy Bible Battles-Youtube). This then caused friction between him and King Saul, who thought David as an upstart commoner was having ambitions behind the throne through Jonathan.Now, there were two kinds of chariots used in the Mahabharata war, light and heavy.Heavy ChariotHeavy chariots have the wheel placed in the middle and hence are more stable. They have usually two men in the chariot, a charioteer who also doubled as a shield bearer, and a archer or an infantryman armed with various weapons. They are usually well armored but slow in speed.Fig: A heavy chariot of a Hittite warriorKarna’s chariot would have looked like something of the above except that the charioteer would have doubled as a shield bearer and the spearman substituted by an armored archer. Karna wore heavy armor for the day’s battle. Karna had also requested Shalya, king of Madra to be his charioteer and shield bearer, an unusual move as Shalya is a royal . The real reason is that Shalya is an uncle of the Pandavas’ and Karna wanted to make sure Arjuna would be extra careful in releasing his arrows given the presence of his own uncle next to Karna as shield bearer.Light ChariotFig 2: A light chariot of an Egyptian Warrior. Note the wheel is at the back of the cabOn the other hand, a light chariot is less lightly armored, has the wheel placed on the back of the cab and a flexible axle yoke for the horses. This gives the chariot more speed and more maneuverability. It also carried a charioteer doubled as a shield bearer and an archer or infantryman. Arjuna’s chariot would have resembled the chariot in Fig 2. Arjuna’s charioteer was his own childhood friend Krishna, who also doubled up as his strategic and tactical guide. Arjuna also wore lighter armor that day to allow more speed and maneuverability to his chariot.Clash of the TitansAs usual on the 17th day of the battle at Kurukshetra, Karna and Arjuna readied for the inevitable faceoff. But as the two chariots came into view and the two warriors engaged, suddenly Krishna, who was Arjuna’s charioteer, drove him away from Karna as he had always done in the battle before. Karna, not to be done, asked his charioteer Shalya(maternal uncle of Pandavas) to pursue close behind. Karna did try to stop Arjuna by firing arrows as Arjuna was moving away from him, but those arrows were parried by Arjuna by using the now famous Parthian Shot. This is because Arjuna is a Sabyasachi, meaning ambidextrous which gave Arjuna a 360 degree firing angle, a unique ability compared to others. In course of the chase, Krishna and Arjuna led Karna to a river that flowed through the area but was slightly shallow that day at that point due to weather conditions. Karna, now frustrated and angered at this point, prepared to release a potent weapon in his armory: The Nagastra. This weapon was said to be accurate to point-blank level in hitting its target.Krishna, Arjuna’s charioteer, sensing Karna’s intentions maneuvered the chariot towards the steep banks of the river and descended, just at the moment Karna released the Nagastra aimed at Arjuna’s head. This deft maneuver caused the Nagastra to graze Phalguna’s head and take the diadem on Phalguna’s head along with it.Phalguna’s chariot now entered the shallow riverbed, where it got caught in the slush of soft sand(remember Moses’ parting of the Red Sea). Karna, on sighting this pursued behind to get a better clear shot. But Arjuna’s chariot being lighter and maneuverable and Arjuna himself wearing lighter armor, the chariot came out of the slush and ascended the other riverbank, as Karna’s chariot entered the riverbed. But now Karna’s chariot, which was heavier, sunk into the slush deeper and could not move. Shalya, the charioteer, now asked Karna to get down to pull the wheel out as opposed to the tradition of charioteer getting down before the rider. This is because Karna was wearing heavy armor that day, and Shalya wanted to lighten the load on the chariot to help pull it out easier. But, now due to Karna’s heavy armor, Karna found himself sank deep into the mud and could not move, making him a sitting duck target to Arjuna.Realizing this, Karna now appealed to the chivalric sense of Arjuna, who had now ascended the other bank and had a clear shot on Karna, asking him to wait till Karna pulls his chariot out of the mud. Arjuna, conforming to ancient rules of chivalry, lowered his bow. Karna then tried to pull his chariot out of the slush but could not do so since the chariot was too heavy and Karna was already knee deep in river mud due to his heavy armor. Now Krishna, the charioteer of Arjuna, prodded Arjuna to kill Karna by pointing out that Karna himself had not followed rules of chivalric engagement when he and others ganged up mercilessly to kill Abhimanyu, Arjuna’s son. Arjuna, on mention of his son, raised his bow again and shot and killed a now vulnerable Karna on the fateful 17th day of the Kurukshetra battle.	With some analysis, one can find out that Karna was so attached to his ego and he being a discarded child of Kunti as well the curses he received from his Guru Parashurama and another Brahmin, that he forgot the real duties of the warrior and accept his destiny that he could never defeat Arjuna (although knowing that he was in the wrong side of Duryodhana and he helped him in all his misdeeds including calling Draupadi a prostitute and killing Abhimanyu wrongfully).That is a mindset which clouds one’s abilities as well as not accept what is the truth and uphold what is right. So, instead it goes in the wrong way thinking the other way would uplift its dignity so to lead a luxurious happy life. Despite his way of life, Karna always cribbed about what he has not got than being satisfied with whatever he had and work in such a way that he could gain things over a period of time.The same way, during war field opposite to Arjuna, he was always feeling great about how he could defeat Arjuna rather than fight with him like a true warrior. Whenever he left the the arrows that wounded Arjuna, he used to feel happy instead of sending more arrows and conquering his enemy, he kept on satisfying his ego that he is always the strongest. Even at the time of his death, while he was recollecting the Brahmastra mantra (which he couldn’t remember), he was thinking various other things, including promise to his mother Kunti, his sayings on Draupadi, he participating in the killing of Abhimanyu etc., which created a cloud in his mind and therefore he forgot the mantra. Even while the chariot wheel was stuck, he could’ve asked for another chariot as he was a Maharathi, but instead he chose to stay in the same chariot and tried to push the wheel and while he was doing he was still thinking. Now, while observing his weakness, Lord Krishna asks Arjuna to kill his enemy, which he outrightly obeyed his orders.	Due to curse of rishi Parshuram karna chariot wheel would be swallowed by the earth at the time of serious battle. So during war karna chariot got swallowed by earth and chariot got bend and it became impossible for karna to fight by standing in that position of chariot.Also when karna got down from chariot he tried to pull the wheel from earth. He could fight by standing on the earth but he tried to pull the wheel because he thought that Arjun would never attack on him when he was on ground while arjun himself on chariot. So he was busy in pulling the wheel.But Krishna remind Arjuna of all the immoral deeds done by kauravs in the war and how karna helped them in this. Then on seeing Arjuna aiming arrow at him he pleaded and started pulling wheel more vigoursly. But on order of Krishna the arrow left by Arjuna took away the head of Surya Putra with it.Hope this answer will satisfy you…. Thanks	Here is my theory. What would happen if Karna fights and defeats Arjun? As their grudges were so great that none of them would allow another to live after defeating. And even if one wants to another will not be allowed. Now the situation so arises that if Arjuna is defeated and killed by Karna, he will defeat another worriers and finish the war himself. Afterwords tell other pandavas that he is the eldest son of Kunti and thus the eldest pandav. Will other pandavas accept him as their eldest brother? Ofcourse not. Will Draupadi accept him as her husband (as she is wife of five brothers.) That was not possible.Now even if we ignore all this, then what will be the purpose of Karnas life after the war? He lived his whole life just one purpose and that was to defeat Arjun. Even though he was on the bad side, but he also knew that it was sensibly not correct for Duryodhan to win the war. As all these things are accounted he would have no meaning in surviving. Under such conditions, he chose to die and pretended to be helpless due to his chariot wheel. It was totally possible for him to fight even without his chariot. There was no doubt about his prowess as even Lord Krishna praised him. And again dont forget he was the disciple of Lord Parashuram who was in turn a disciple of Lord Shiva. So it was totally impossible to defeat him without his own will.	Behind this incident lies the curse of the astra shastra guru of Karna - Parashuram’s curse. Parashuram had cursed Karna that when in dire need, he will then forget the ashtra gyan shiksha (knowledge of weapons and war). When Karna's chariot got stuck, he forgot all the teachings of his guru and thus Karna requested Arjun to wait. Chariot was a very important part in battle at that time and Arjun was fighting on a chariot so in that state Karna standing on the ground wouldn't have been successful in fighting with him. So Karna was constantly requesting for letting him to pick up his wheel.	
In the Mahabharata if Ashwatthama was immortal why wasnt he not chosen the commander in chief after Dronacharya The battle might have ended on a different note	Thanks for A2AAswathama was immortal or not..that is not the issue.How effective he will be as commander in chief..that is to be observed.After Drona’s fallDuryothana must have thought Karna Who was equally prejudiced towards Pandavas will bring him victory in war.He was never confident of the loyalties of Bhishma and Drona.He suspected them openly when they commanded his army.After the fall of both his better option was his friend Karna but not Aswathama…Who always made it a point to show mirror to Duryothana and Karna..regarding Pandavas specially reg Arjuna.Aswathama was never that revengeful and outrageous like he appeared on the night of eighteenth day.Ofcourse he hurled Narayanastra as he can not suppress his fury over his father’s death.But on the eve of the final battle between Karna and Arjuna he tried his best to convince Duryothana to call off the war.Aswathama advised Duryothana to make peace with Pandavas. He requested him to stop the battle between Karna and Arjuna.He said he will personally tell Arjuna to oblige and accept the peace proposal.Let atleast the remaining kings return to their land…He pleaded with Duryothana.He reminded him the valour of Arjuna who can not be vanquished by anyone.But Duryothan did not agree.Likhitamapi lalate pronjhitum kassamarthah? Who can wipe off that what is written on forehead? The line from Panchatantra holds good here.Coming back to AswathamaHe was friends with Pandavas also.He always praised Arjuna and declared Karna is no match for him.His anger on 15 th day is justifiable.His father was killed by Drishtadyumna when he was away in battlefield.After That again he got back his composure and tried to stop the duel between Karna and Arjuna.So mentally he was not that aggressive( except for 18 th night massacre).or vinidictive.What would have happened if Aswathama became commander in chief.Nothing. Agreed,He was a great warrior but we never come across his leadership skills. He did not fight battles except the Virat war.Bhishma was adept in commanding the army..he had fought wars and got the good will of most of the kings, assembled on Duryothana’s side.Drona was way too popular among the kings of Aryavarth since he trained maximum number of princes in his Gurukul who eventually became kings and participated in war. His knowledge reg.the vyuhas and techniques was indisputable.Aswathama could not stand a chance against Karna becauseHe was not against Pandavas like Karna was..Duryothana honoured him,befriended him but he rested his favour more on Karna Who shared his hatred for Pandavas.Aswathama posessed many astras but he did not win a battle against Arjuna,anytime. Though Karna also did not win any battle against Arjuna,he always impressed Duryothana with his boasting.In contrast with Aswathama,Karna was interactive and popular among kings some of whom,he tackled during his Digvijaya.( Though Bori had a different take on his Digvijaya)While Aswathama tried to show the real picture to Duryothana,Karna overpowered him with his false assumptions.Both Karna and Aswathama could not save Jayathratha from Arjun.Still Karna won Duryothan’s heart and became the commander in chief.Now the question remains to be answered..here is the answer.Nothing positive ( for Kauravas) would have happened ,had Aswathama became the commander in chief.The battle might not have ended on a different note.However competent he was in battle,he and his astras would have been met with powerful counter astras..Yes . Arjuna knew how to counter them..Midnight MassacreThis ghastly and savageous act of Aswathama was a heinous crime. Killing sleeping people is unpardonable.Aswathama endured the punishment. May be he still is wandering in forelorn,isolated tracks..Who knows?FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionKisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationKarna Parva Section88	Ashwatthama has been a seriously misunderstood character in Mahabharat. He has been vilified, ridiculed and his greatness has been largely overlooked. I think this negative shading of his character, especially as a revengeful maniac, started more after Dr. Dharmaveer Bharati's play called Ashwatthama. In the middle ages, there is not much literature that criticises him.We need to consider certain events in Mahabharat that made him so revengeful. One of them is Drona's killing by treachery, especially the mutilation of the dead body. Drona had already left the body through Yoga and Drushtdyumna cut his head and posed as if he has defeated him. Ashwatthama was not going to take this lightly for sure.Picture above - Sanskrit mentioning Drona leaving his body.Picture above - Sanskrit mentioning how Dhrushdyumna treated Drona's corpse.There are a lot of answers vilifying Ashwatthama for attacking Pandava camp at night. I have three points to mention here -Ashwatthama was not a coward - Some say this act was a cowardice. How does an act of a single person attacking a camp of 100s, including the winning general (Dhrushtadyumna) an act of cowardice? Also emerging a winner after killing them all would need serious skill.He flouted the rules by attacking the camp at night - Krishna showed the way that end justifies means. He broke nearly all the promises and rules and advised Arjuna to attack Karna when he was unarmed and changing the wheel, to attack Bhishma from behind Shikhandi. Also technically, the war was over as Duryodhana was defeated, so the battle at night wasn't a breaking of rules.Finally, Lord Shiva himself entered Ashwatthama's body and gave him a sword to finish the job. When Ashwatthama encountered a giant Djinn at Pandava camp who defeated him, he offered his body to Lord shiva as a sacrifice. Pleased, Lord told him that he was that Djinn himself and entered Ashwatthama's body to finish the job. How many mythological characters have had the privilege of Lord entering their body?	The commander-in-chief for Kauravas were chosen on their ability to annihilate the Pandavas. Here’s the classification of Kaurava commanders and their abilities -I am trying to answer two questions here -Why was Karna chosen when Ashwathama was immortal?Simply because he was more powerful, more accomplished, more experienced in warfare and most importantly matched Arjuna and outmatched other Pandavas in their respective chosen warfare.Why was Shalya chosen when Ashwathama was immortal?Again, he wanted a strategist; and Shalya was a willful one after coming to respect Karna for his warfare conduct. Also, he had less individual losses against Pandavas; except for Arjuna and Bheem, I am guessing (they were too powerful).Adding some definitions I found while searching:The sizes of the armies were measured in a unit called an Akshoushini, which consisted of a combination of forces in the ratio1 Elephant: 1 Chariot: 3 Horsemen: 5 Footmen multiplied by a factor of 21870The skill level of a warrior was scaled as follows:Rathi (capable of fighting 5000 warriors at once),Athirathi (capable of fighting 12 Rathis or 60000 warriors),Maharathi (capable of fighting 12 Athirathis or 720000 warriors),Atimaharathi (capable of fighting 12 Maharathi warriors) andMahamaharathi (capable of fighting 24 Atimaharathis warriors)The Pandava army had 7 AkshoushinisThe Kaurava army had 11 AkshoushinisSource: I would have quoted the source but I found so many things I can’t find the source now.	Knowing the great warrior that he was,Krishna in planning his strategies for the war went to Aswathama and extracted a promise not to be the commander -in-chief of the kaurava forces which he agreed because he knows the greatness of Krishna and it was Krishna who gave him the boon of immortality.But by the end of the war Aswathama was disillussioned by the cunning strategies of the pandavas and decided to go against them.When they went for the dusk bath and Krishna sensed danger and asked pandavas to pray to Lord Siva to safeguard their close kin sleeping in the tents or what ever shelter they used after being too tired.Lord siva agreed.But Aswathama (he is believed to be having kalas or some divine qualities of siva) and others came requested siva to stay away for some time.Siva agreed and the murder and slaughter of Draupadi’s sons in cold blood while asleep occurred.When Pandavas returned only Bhima accused siva of treachery others kept quite.Siva didn’t say anything and left with a parting shot to Krishna.”you could have avoided your maya on me”.The revenge by pandavas is well known against bhramastra and narayanastra of Aswathama.But he forgot that Krishna was god-the -almighty himself in incarnation and should have been wise enough to avoid a confrontation and hence suffered the consequences.Believed to be still alive in the forests of Madhya Pradesh.	Ashwatthaama - an immortal, but not invincible.Ashwatthaama was an immortal. True. But he was not invincible or irrepressible in war like Bheeshma or Dronacharya.Bheema had defeated Ashwatthaama and Alambusa together using archery on command of Shri Krishna although Bheema did not advocate use of any weapons. It was because he believed in the strength of his arms and his supreme belief in the grace of Shri Krishna. Arjuna was superior to Ashwatthaama in terms of knowledge of divine missilery, dexterity and skill.Why were Bheeshma and Drona preferred as commanders-in-chief ahead of others first?Drona and Bheeshma were more respected by Pandavas because both of them were elderly, extremely knowledgeable about righteousness, conduct and kingship duties. They were well versed in limits of dignity, propriety and morality as well. Both of them were direct students of Lord Parashuraama as well. Hence, they were role models. Bheeshma being a warrior with wishful death and Drona being the possessor of all the divine weapons was anyway equaled by Bheema and Arjuna. However, Duryodhana being short-sighted as he was, saw these extrinsic factors as the reasons why they should be commanders in chief ahead of others.More on Ashwatthaama:Ashwatthaama’s identity was his own. He was Rudra’s incarnation in Dwaapara. Rudra is superior to Indra in terms of divinity. He was born with a curse by Brahma, to be a venerable, powerful Braahmana yet be defeated by an inferior divine soul (Indra’s) in war.Ashwatthaama was not a duraatma, an evil soul. He was a childhood friend of Duryodhana long before Pandavas returned to Hastinapura after the demise of Pandu. But he was not a bosom friend and a confidante of Duryodhana. Hence, he was never a part of the conniving schemes of Duryodhana which were directed against Shri Krishna and/ or Pandavas. Even when Drona was killed, Ashwatthaama advised Duryodhana to make peace with Pandavas. This was all because, Ashwatthaama was a noble soul.About Duryodhana and his character:Duryodhana was not a peace agent. He was a deceitful, greedy, conniving and treacherous person and a war mongerer. He had a knack of joining hands with evil souls or with common enemies of Pandavas. He had the support of Shakuni who was another soul with dichotomous ideas. He also used his father’s filial love to his own advantage very well. He had earlier joined hands with Jarasandha in scheming against Krishna so that the main support of Pandavas was destroyed. He learnt evil teachings and evil code of conduct, from a devil incarnated Brahmana named Kalinga, a disciple of Shukracharya. This education made him despise Pandavas even more when he saw the wealth, popularity and clout of Pandavas ever-growing with the killing of Jarasandha by Bheemasena, their digvijaya journeys and Rama-rajya in Indra Prastha.It is not needed to mention that Duryodhana invited Pandavas for a game of dice, treacherously made Shakuni to play on his behalf, defeated Pandavas, insulted them, demanded a menstruating Draupadi to come into the royal assembly amidst all the elderly among Kurus and allies, insulted her most grievously by attempting to disrobe her of her single garment, and defeat them once again treacherously bidding them to go for an exile.Why was Karna chosen over Ashwatthama?Karna was not a Duraatma (evil soul). Karna always despised Arjuna because he was consumed by envy against him. Karna’s ego was constantly fed with hatred because how he was treated as a Soota and then, eaten up by the same demonic hatred which consumed him when he was Sugreeva wanting to kill his elder brother Vaali (who was reborn as Arjuna in Dwaapara) by hook or by crook. Arjuna became the target point of all his accrued hatred and injustice he faced. Duryodhana was easily connected with this hatred because he himself was a duraatma, an evil soul who reveled in treachery, greed, hatred and causing harm to others.Further, he had already had two generals of his army, who hesitated to kill Pandavas. Moreover, Ashwatthaama had also shown inclination towards a truce with Pandavas. Karna was the only one who was steady in the shared hatred against Pandavas.Could the result of war change if Ashwatthaama was chosen as commander-in-chief over Karna?Krishna found ways to defeat more superior warriors like Bheeshma and Drona. He had their nemesis in the form of Shikhandi and Dhristadyumna among the ranks of Pandavas. Ashwatthaama was not immune to defeat in the hands of both Arjuna and Bheema. It was possible for either of them to overpower him or defeat him. Hence, Ashwatthaama was not the greatest threat to Shri Krishna and Pandavas.	Ashwattama was not an immortal by birth…He became immortal after the Mahabharata war because of a curse Lord SriKrishna gave to him….After the war of Mahabharata was over…With Kaurava army defeated and Duryodhana lying waiting for his death on the banks of a lake (in which he hid before Bheema found him and defeated/fatally injured him)…Ashwattama came and sat beside his best friend and asked him for his last wish..Duryodhana's lifelong wish was that he wanted to see Pandavas killed…And it is said that this is what kept him alive inspite of being grievously injured..So he tells Ashwattama to kill Pandavas then and there(It was night)…Ashwattama mistook UpaPandavas(Pandava Sons)to Pandavas and killed them ..Came back to Duryodhana and told him he succeeded in killing Pandavas (Duryodhana Died after hearing this)…Enraged by the killing of their sons…Pandavas attacked Ashwattama…Knowing that he cannot succeed against the full force of Pandavas..He conjured the most divine and destructive weapon The Brahmastra.. Brahmastra can only be countered by another Brahmastra which only Arjuna knew…But the clash of these two weapons will wipe out the entire universe..It will be a catastrophe…Krishna knowing this stopped Arjuna …And urged Ashwattama to stop too..But Ashwattama had already conjured it…And Brahmastra can not be taken back…No Matter what…So Ashwattama redirected his weapon towards Subhadra's(Arjun's daughter in law, Abhimanyu's wife) ..womb and fired it Killing the foetus of baby later known as 'Parikshit'…Krishna enraged by this cursed Ashwattama..“To roam around the earth without any food or water, any desire,any knowledge....But still live indefinitely”Krishna basically took his soul of livingWhich is worse than hell…PS:- The baby which was killed by Brahmastra was later revoked by Krishna by sacrificing his immortality and good deeds..And was later called “Parikshit” (He who was tested) ..	
Which are the best paintings pictures or images on the great Mahabharat	Thanks for Asking,I have found very beautiful paintings and pics from the Mahabharata on Digital Library of Free & Borrowable Books, Movies, Music & Wayback Machine in the book from Chandama India Ltd.Few pics from the book;Vyasa writing epic with GaneshaBharata playing with lions and elephantsBhima’s fall from Kunti’s lapSerpents bitting Bhima while sleepingArjuna saving Dronacharya from crocodileDraupadi garlanding ArjunaFor more visit at Mahabharata : Chandamama India Ltd : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet ArchiveShree Hari…	There many pictures on mahabharat like iskon paintings on mahabharatra raja ravi verma paintings dk book on mahabharata etc.	
Why was Karna forced to use the Shaktya weapon on Ghatotkacha when Ashwathama and Drona also had divine weapons	Karna possessed a divine weapon vasavi shakti: the magical dart weapon of Indra , which lord Indra had given to karna in before the battle of Mahabharat .Indra was ashamed of karna generosity ,when karna has given him kavach and Kundal in alms so Indra had vasavi shakti to karna and karna saved that weapon for Arjun . but Duryodhan appealed to karna to kill ghatotkacha and he was unable to refuse duryodhan so karna discharged that weapon . Ashwathama and drona can use divine weapons against ghatotkacha but Arjun also had those weapons to stop it . Ashwathama,drona and Arjun were not having the weapon which was had by karna so karna decided to use that weapon on Arjun so that Arjun will die but karna was forced to use that weapon on ghatotkacha because ghatotkacha was killing duryodhan and had killed so many sainika .Thank you.	The kavach of Karna was impossible to be penetrated. In order to protect Arjun Indra asked Karna to donate him his kavach. Karna true to his name Danveer donated kavach. Indra offered him a wish. Karna asked for vasavi Shakti Shakti . Indra gave the vasavi shakti with a condition that it could be used only once. The difference between Vasavi shakti and other Divyastras was that there was counter for every Divyastra but no way tocounter vasavi Shakir. Srikrishna new that Karna had kept the vasavi shakti only to kill Arjun. He ensured that Arjun would never come face to face with Karna. In order to neutralize the vasavi shakti Shrikrishna used Ghatotkacha. On 14th day of the war, war continued beyond sunset. Ghatotkacha with the help of army of demons attacked Kaurava army so ferociously that everyone started fearing that the war would end that same day. Ghatotkach looked undefeatable and Kauravas including Duryodhan were defeated. Duryodhan realized that if Ghatotkach is not stopped no kaurava including him would remain alive. He pleaded to Karna to use vasavi shakti and kill Ghatotkach. Karna was reluctant to use as he had reserved the vasavi shakti only for Arjun. Under pressure from Duryodhan he used the vasavi Shakti to kill Ghatotkach. Since the vasavi shakti could only be used once Arjun was safe.	I don’t understand why people keep on bringing that Indra was ashamed and gave that shakti to karna after getting Armor when the text clearly says that karna had identified Indra because of Surya and had said he would exchange it for Armor otherwise he won’t give that one. So , Indra gave him shakti in return for his armor. Why people wan’t to contest what is given in text based on TV serials.Again I also don’t get the logic that why people insist that Ashwathama and Drona did not fire their weapons because they were following rules while some say they did not fire because Arjuna would have cut them. This logic is absurd as both of them fired weapons which Arjuna annulled. Why not this time? Did same Ashwathama did not fire Brahmshira later? Had he not fired Narayanstra and even Agneya? Had Drona not used celestials? If the logic is that they did it only after death of Drona then also it is wrong as divine weapons were being used. That is why Ashwathama was able to cut illusion of Gatotkacha and make his retreat. If Indra Shakti would be supreme(superior to Brahmstra, pashupata and narayanstar etc etc) then he would have not to ask protection from trinity and he would have not lost wars.But the case is not that. Shakti was infallible weapon and could chase the target. Gatotkacha onslaught was so furious that he did not gave them much chance. He was first only stopped by Ashwathama when even Karna had to retreat. But evading him was not helping. He used to appear again and again. So, karna under stress fired that one. It is just destiny and mental stress which at times creates pressure. Using other divine weapons is not always easy.	Thats becoz arjuna could easily counteract any divine weapons released by any one but vasavi shakti had a boon that it couldnot be counteracted. Thats why i feel Indra saved karnas life and respect otherwise ghatochkatch would have smashed him into pieces by trampeding him under his feet .Just imagine how humiliating it would be for sun god to see his son smashed into pieces below a foot. JAI JAI INDRA DEV	
What are the characteristics of Pandavas For e g Bhima was known for his strength Arjuna was known for his archery Yudhistira was known for his truth speaking	YudistirVery much accommodating. Like sky. Sky accommodates the seed to expand. Sky doesn't limit the growth of a seed.BheemJust like air which is vital for life. Life ceases to exist when a living being stops breathing air. Bheem stopped life of 100 Kauravas.ArjunLike fire. His is an enquiring mind. Only fire needs direction. Fire proves dangerous without direction. That's why he was shown direction by Krishna. Geeta knowledge was required to be given to him.NakulLike water. Brings life.SahadevLike earth. Materializes life. All the vital forces sky, air, fire and water sustain life on earth.	
Why did Arjuna in the epic Mahabharata say that he will not fight Kaurava	At the battle field when Arjun looked at the enemy, he realised they all were his near & dear. Bond of close relationships confused him. Not that he didn't know beforehand, but at that instant suddenly it hit him. The great revered, respected, seniors, teachers, those praised & worshipped for their valour standing in front to fight. Since childhood those who had aspecial respectful place on a high pedestal in life, now to fight & kill them, this realization brought tremendous pressure. Those elderly persons who were their protector, whose love & care was shield for pandavas now to end their lives was a shock. All the love, affection for them all blew our of proportion so he decided not to fight & become the killer to wipe out their existence.As Krishna said Arjun was perplexed because of Maya & bhranti. Attachments in various forms, one doesn't know, when will crop up. This is the beginning of Bhagvatgeeta. It was Arjun's helpless emotional condition that made Krishna give the knowledge to the world.	
If Mahabharatha is made by Marvel Universe which Marvel characters should be played by Mahabharatha characters	This is a fascinating but complex question which properly would take several hours to analyze, given the number of characters in each world and the great differences between them (for example, none of the characters in the Mahabharata have powers approaching the key characters of the Marvel universe, comics or cinema). That said, in broad strokes and very loosely:Pandavas = AvengersKauravas = Thanos and companyKrishna = Dr StrangeArjuna = Iron ManYudhisthira = Captain AmericaBhima = ThorKarna = HulkAbhimanyu = SpidermanBhishma = Black Panther (?)Draupadi = Black Widow or Scarlet Witch (? - Mahabharata is worse than Marvel for strong female leads)Those are just some rough ideas. Would love to see a deeper analysis.	
If the Mahabharata is to be made by Hollywood which actor will play which role	I restrict my casting to Marvel characters,since most of the Indians are more familiar with this franchise and hence it makes them easier to relate.So let's begin..1.Shantanu — Howard stark2.Ganga — Ancient one3.Bhishma — Odin4.Vichitravirya — Ego5.Dhritarashtra — Nick Fury6.Pandu — King T'chaka7.Shakuni — Baron Zemo/Ulysses Klaue8.Karna — Winter Soldier9.Yudhishthira — Captain America10.Bhima — Hulk :)11.Arjuna — Iron man12.Nakula — Hawk eye13.Sahadeva — Ant man14.Duryodhana — Thanos15.Dushasana — Loki16.Abhimanyu — Spiderman17.Krishna — Thor18.Dronacharya — Doctor Strange19.Ashwathama — Ultron20.Draupadi— Black Widow21.Ekalavya— Erik Killmonger22.Ghatotkacha— Vision23.Hidimba— Black Dwarf24.Hidimbi— Proxima Midnight25.Jayadratha— Red skull26.Vidura— War machine27.Satyavathi— Hela28.Balarama— Star Lord29.Drupada — Quick Silver30.Kamsa — Malekith31.Kichaka — Abomination32.Kunti— Gamora33.Madri— Nebula34.Vyasa — Collector35.Virata— Black Panther36.Uttara Kumara — Sam Wilson37.Jarasandha — Kurse38.Shalya— Drax39.Sanjaya- Heimdall40.Shikandi— Scarlett Witch41.Subhadra— Pepper Potts42.Bakasura — Surtur…so on…	1.Shantanu —2.Ganga —3.Bhishma — Harrison Ford4.Vichitravirya —5.Dhritarashtra — Morgan Freeman6.Pandu —7.Shakuni — Robert Downey Jr.8.Karna — Lionardo di Caprio9.Yudhishthira — George Clooney10.Bhima — Dwayne Jonshon11.Arjuna — Tom Cruise12.Nakula — Ryan Reynolds13.Sahadeva —14.Duryodhana — Jason Momoa15.Dushasana — Johnny Deep16.Abhimanyu — Taylor Lautner17.Krishna — Jackie Chan18.Dronacharya — Arnold Schwarzenegger19.Ashwathama — Hugh Jackman20.Draupadi— Anne Hathaway21.Ekalavya— Robert Pattinson22.Ghatotkacha—23.Hidimba—24.Hidimbi—25.Jayadratha—26.Vidura—27.Satyavathi—28.Balarama—29.Drupada —30.Kamsa —31.Kichaka —32.Kunti— Sandra Bullock33.Madri—34.Vyasa —35.Virata—36.Uttara Kumara —37.Jarasandha —38.Shalya—39.Sanjaya-40.Shikandi—41.Subhadra—42.Bakasura —	
What are the things you love about Star Plus Mahabharat 2013 series	Thanks Kavita Verma for asking.First I want to tell what I didn’t like.Distortion Of Epic…Too much creative liberty harmed the effort put up by production team.As a result the show lost its credibility factor.But to its credit it made youth of India and abroad get hooked to Mahabharat the Epic.What I love about Star Bharat?1.Shaheer.I am a die hard Shaheer admirer since Navya..So when he played my all time favourite Arjun,it is celebration time for me. I couldn’t have asked for more.I never missed any of Shaheer shows. So Shaheer was the biggest attraction for me to watch the series.I loved Shaheer,his portrayal,his body language ,everything..his hair,his voiceHe brought Arjun live before my eyes..2. Perfect casting otherwise also.I had no problem with the casting of others. Every one suited their roles perfectly. Puja,Saurabh Raj Jain..every one.3. Technically brilliant in all aspects4. Background music.I liked it..and some of the tunes remained with me forever. Arjun Draupadi first meet in temple had an enchanting heart winning tune that captivated me instantly.Murali Manohara song picturised on Krishna and Arjun was an everlasting composition rendered by Udit Narayan ..I love the song and picturisation.4. Costumes and jewelleryExquisite and incredible. Puja’s jewellery looked fabulous as the items looked antique and beautiful. Costumes are elegant and suited the charecters well.5 Saurabh..Shaheer awesome chemistry.They both lived the roles of Krishna and Arjun. Their comraidiare off screen reflected on screen also. I felt I am watching Krishna Arjun..bond before my eyes. Amazing chemistry they have.6.Preferred Puja As Draupadi.Than BRC’s Draupadi. Puja Sarma performed well specially vastraharan scene.7. Abhimanyu..Paras AroraSpecial mention to him. Abhi was always described as good looking and heroic .. I did not like BRC Abhimanyu Who was ugly.Paras looked like Shaheer’s Son..delicate ,handsome yet Abhi like.Other FactorsI know there were many irrelevant things..like the arrows which just appear on the bow..Like the Virat war which was shown mainly to save Karna’s reputationTotal Vana Parva minus Ghoshayatra ,etc..But stillI enjoyed watching the show not for the story but for casting..Specially Shaheer.Yes BRC is Still applauded for being true to the Epic but I don’t like it since itgave a wrong signal by distorting 16 th day battle. They showed Karna win which is utterly false. They played with Arjun’s image by their false interpretation of the scene. It is an unpardonable blunder for me., BRC is a no no for me.Star Bharat is always tolerable specially it is loved even more after Suryaputra Karn which is the worst and most distorted serial on mahabharat.	
What was the reason of Lord Krishnas affinity with Arjun among all the other Pandavs	Coz Arjuna is Rama reincarnated N Krishna is Vishnu on earth.. So when Krishna is around we dont worship the avatar.. So Arjuna is treated as mere mortal before Krishna..Proofs:Ayodhya princes along with Hanuman are reborn as PandavasKondanda of Rama is Gandiva of Arjuna, sita is insulted -not rukmani but Draupadi is insultedAvatar is the one that does the physical work.. While the God i.e Vishnu or Krishna sits back n guides fro heaven or right infront on earth.Krishna is Lord Narayana n Arjuna is Lord Nara (unaware of his divinity like Rama) ..both are a duo of same soul in two bodies.. The very reason Arjuna sees Krishna just as a friend n not actually worship him like people expect..which made many to point it out as Arjuna’s defect-Being so close he should have out done Hanuman-Rama devotion.. But why should someone worhsip himself ? Nara n Narayana are one and the same..!And Ah! Yes.. The silly story of Sahasrakavacha! Everything Arjuna, attracts undue attention from Karna side.. But Sahasrskavacha was just one many of side characters in Mahabharata who came contemporary with Krishan to settle old debts.. Eg: Angad of Ramayana came as Jara ro kill Krishna.. So whole Mahabharat is about Vali’s revenge? They are all just side features of Mahabharata.	There is a reason for Sri Krishna being more friendly to Arjuna among all the Pandavas, apart from Arjuna marrying Subhadra, the younger sister of Sri Krishna.THE LEGEND OF KRISHNA: NARA & NARAYANAArjuna and Sri Krishna were reincarnation of Nara and Narayana, the twin sages, considered to be the twin avatar of Lord Vishnu, as believed by Swaminarayan sect of devotees and as per Bhagavata Purana, it is believed that they both are meant to be together to kill Karna, the reincarnation of Sahasrakavacha, one with thousand armors. It is because of this reason that Karna was born with armor and ear rings, KavachaKundala. Sahasrakavacha was a demon king who wrecked havoc in the three worlds. The twin sages Nara-Narayana are considered to be residing at their abode in Badrinath. So, the affinity of Sri Krishna and Arjuna is obvious.	Arjuna is amsha of Krishna, He is nara form god Krishna(Narayana). God created him to terminate the kauravas and many kings (Born with danava amsa in their previous birth).	
Is Karna a son of a demon or not	Which Karna he is questioning about? If it is for Karna of Mahabharatha, then such question should not be raised. Only evil mind persons call like as a son of a Demon just to insult Indians and believers of Hindu Epics. Quora should not put on such questions for publics. However for heaven sake it is bring to knowledge of all readers that Karna a figure of Mahabharatha was a Devine born according to Epic Mahabharatha.	
Was Mahabharata written before Ramayana 1	No.. Ramayana was first.. then.. only mahabharatha happens. Ramayana was written by valmiki.who was lived on that period of ramayana. the written script of valmiki's was teached to lava and kusa (sons of Rama).so ramayana was the first one. It was Translated to many languages that may be later to mahabharatha	The character of Hanuman (from the Ramayana) makes an appearance in the Mahabharata. So, I would presume that the incidents in the Ramayana supposedly happened before those in the Mahabharata did.As far as the date of writing the epics go, no clue!	There is no clear and established date for either of the epics. However Mahabharata refers to Ramayana and its characters at many points hence it can be argued that the Ramayana was known to the writer/writers of Mahabharata.	No. Ramayana was written way before the Mahabharata. Ramayan took place in Treta Yug. Mahabharat took place in Dwapara Yug.	Answer lies in COMMON CHARACTERS OF RAMAYANA AND MAHABHARATA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL	
What are the various stories associated with Arjun and Uloopi from the Mahabharata	In this exile period, one day while Arjun was bathing in the river, Nagkanya Uloopi, daughter of Kouravya, catches him and takes him deep down under water to her father’s kingdom. She proposes marriage.Uloopi is completely smitten by Arjuna and overpowered by desire for him. Arjuna, tied by moral and familial commitments, refuses. Uloopi just wants to marry Arjuna without binding him to any commitments or responsibilities. Uloopi’s arguments win Arjuna’s heart and he marries her. Their one night of intimacy leads to the birth of son Iravan, who later plays an important role in the Kurukshetra battle. Arjuna leaves Uloopi’s abode, as he has to live his destiny and chart a new course in history. Uloopi agrees to this lovingly and without any expectations single-handedly raises Iravan.You can read more about this strong single mother and a woman from mythology who made her own choices herehttps://www.bonobology.com/uloop...	Thanks for the A2A!In the vast treasure of knowledge that the Mahabharata is, Uloopi has a very short screen time:When she falls in love with Arjuna during his Vanavaasa (not to be confused with the Main Vanavasa of the Pandavas). They wed and Arjuna having stayed with her till she was satiated moves on with his Vanavaasa.She is also instrumental in reviving Arjuna after the war with Babruvahana over the Ashwamedha Horse.This is all we have from a reading of the Unabridged edition of the KMG Mahabharata.My two cents.Peace!	It way back when arjuna was on exile due to breach of rule when he entered the room of draupadi when yudishthira was present to protect the brahmins cows from robbers. This was this time that he met uloopi at banks of river yamuna when wandering at time. Uloopi was with her friends and came surface for visit to land. There she fall in love with arjuna and proposed which arjuna accepted and went with her to nasg lok and made love to each other . After spending few days with her company he continued his journeyWhen bahruvahana killed his father due to curse of ganga that he would killed his own father as arjuna did to pitamaha. Uloopi revived him and made him alive	Here is the Video and wiki link for more details.Ulupi - Wikipedia	
What would have happened if Jarasandha would have chosen Krishna instead of Bhima to fight in a duel	What would have happened if Jarasandha would have chosen Krishna instead of Bhima to fight in a duel?By the time Jarasandha had been challenged, we see Shri Krishna as simply a warrior and his childhood miracles have been either refuted by the kings or those were under analysis as if those were super human or not.By the time, He along with Arjuna burnt the Khandava forest only and even after having fled from Jarasandha in the battle, Shri Krishna always tried to show to the world, as if He was only a man and Godheadship had been camouflaged by Him.Bhishma recognised his strategy only when Jarasandha had been killed through Bhima but the super human qualities were already there and these had been revealed by Sanjaya when Dhritrastra had asked the question as to why Karna even after having Vaasava Shakti did not use that on Arjuna whenever he faced Arjuna in the war on several occasions.Sanjaya said that Lord Krishna had played his Maya to divert the mind of Karna and due to that Karna could not think of Vaasava Shakti as an offensive astra to hit Arjuna.The same logic applies to Jarasandha when he was alone at the time of challenge and the illusion or the Maya affected Jarasandha well only to think to fight with seeming physically powerful opponent.For this I want to share a story of Kaal.Once The Kaal or the death confronted a man and after introduction, Kaal stated that he wanted to kill him at so and so time.The man tried to hide at several places and after finding some deficiciency left several places. Finally he got a good place to hide and felt satisfied but Kaal appeared there at the exact time.The man got surprised as to how the Kaal got the hint at the time.On being questioned, Kaal replied that he was at the wrong place earlier and he wanted that man exactly at that place to cause him dead, that is why without his notice Kaal chased him and made him to hide exactly the same place where the man ought to die.I think , Lord Kishna tried to hide his Maya at each occasion and gave colour to it as the strategy so that the man should use only brain without resorting and miraculous deeds.Let this be so, and had Jarasandha was to die and since he was to be killed only by Pandava so Jarasandha could not have challenged because he hated Lord Krishna due to the killing of Kansa who was the son in law of Jarasandha and there was an established enmity between them.There was no enmity between Jarasandha and the Pandava and it was the beginning of Rajsuya yajna, so the Maya was used to orient the mind of Jarasandha only to fight with the mightier person so as to give a fair fight.Lord Krishna too would have fought because no one can deny that Lord Krishna was devoid of any physical might and since death of Jarasandha reached so Jarasandha needed only the cause of his own death.	Jarasandha was defeated several times at the hands of the Yadavas, it's just that Balarama spared his life in such encounters. Bhima was capable of killing Jarasandha much more faster than he did but instead Bhima toyed with him. Jarasandha also was defeated by Karna as well, keeping all this in mind Jarasandha wasn't powerful at all and Krishna being God had enough strength to kill Jarasandha the same way Bhima did, it's only that Jarasandha's death was at the hands of Bhima. Krishna was a political strategist in all these instances.	then also Jarasandh would be killed…a weak tree cannot survive much in front of a strong windBhima was very powerful but if Krishna would not have suggested the way to kill Jarasandh then it would be nearly impossible for Bhima to kill Jarasandh. Krishna is the Supreme personality of Godhead, master of all living entities. If He can kill Hiranyakashipu, Ravana, Kansa….. who were nearly immortal than what to speak of Jarasandh.	In my opinon, Krishna can easily kill Jarasandha. But Jarasandha has to be killed by Bheema only and hence the fate forced Jarasandha to choose Bheema in duel. Moreover, kings in those days choose to have fair fight and choose opponent who can match them. So, Jarasandha chosed Bheema for duel. One hidden fact/fate with regard to Bheema, Duryodhana, Jarasandha, Kechaka & Bagasur is that all the above five born in the same star - Among the five, One who first kill any one of the other four in the group, will kill all the other three. Bheema first killed Bagasur in this group - and so, he only can kill all the remaining including Jarasandha.	If Jarasandha could have been chosen Arjuna or Krishna disregarding Bhima, still he could have been slain in fair fight. Maybe, fight could have been taken longer time but Jarasandha could not had ability to overpower on both Krishna.You may see the battle between Krishna and Chanura and Mustika and also with Kamas, they all were slain by Krishna easily.Jaransadha had ran away 17 plus times when he was defeated by Krishna in the battle. Hence, It doesn’t matter whom Jarasandha could chose and fight. His defeat was certainly written by Yamaraja aka Yudhishthira himself.Shree Hari…	Shri Krishna chose three people to fight Jarasandha. Himself Bhim and Arjuna as he knew only these three could defeat and kill Jarasandha. And I believe even if Jarasandha had chosen Krishna result would have been same only.	
What was the effect of Brahmastra in the Mahabharata when it was used	It is said that three worlds will be in danger when it will be fired on lesser mortal or when such two weapons collide. But that is hyperbole I think because elsewhere in Mahabharat it is mentioned that the surrounding area where the weapon would be fired would turn infertile and there it won’t rain for 12 years and it would bring massive destruction. So, we could assume that if fired on lesser being it would only destroy the surrounding area ( not three worlds) like Atom bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki and people will suffer for a longer period.Here, Brahmstra are used for many weapons of Brahma as generic term but the real Brahastra known as Brahmshira was used only once when Ashwthama fired it on Uttara womb which killed her unborn Baby. Actually his weapon was nullified by Arjuna and there was a collusion by sages requested them to withdraw the weapon. Arjuna followed but Ashwathama did not know how to recall and thus he fired it on Uttara.	
Who was the brother of Karna whom Arjuna killed and Krana ran away with	Thanks for A2AHe is Sangramajit,brother of Karna who was killed in Virat war before Karna’s eyes. It happened thus.(Excerpt)“And soon slaying the red steeds yoked unto the car of Sangramajit, the brother of Vikatana's son, that hero decked in diadem and endued with great vigour then cut off his antagonist's head by a crescent-shaped arrow. And when his brother was slain, Vikartana's son of the Suta caste, mustering all his prowess, rushed at Arjuna,LIV”Sangramajit attacked Arjuna along with Satruntapa and others.Arjuna cut the head of Sangramajit with a crescent shaped arrow.Then Karna rushed at Arjuna….andThe outcome(Excerpt)“ And afflicted by the arrowy shower (of Karna), that illustrious achiever of super-human deeds soon displayed a thick shower of arrows in return. And he covered Karna's car with countless shafts like the sun covering the different worlds with rays. And like a lion attacked by an elephant, Arjuna, taking some keen crescent-shaped arrows from out of his quiver and drawing his bow to his ear, pierced the Suta's son on every part of his body. And that grinder of foes pierced Karna's arms and thighs and head and forehead and neck and other principal parts of his body with whetted shafts endued with the impetuosity of the thunderbolt and shot from the Gandiva in battle. And mangled and afflicted by the arrows shot by Partha the son of Pandu, Vikartana's son, quitted the van of battle, and quickly took to flight, like one elephant vanquished by another.'"Arjuna poured arrowy shower on Karna’s car,steeds and driver.Karna also rained arrows on Arjuna.Arjuna then covered Karna with keen edged shafts.Then Karna stuck Arjuna’s horses,driver and flagstaff.Arjuna Who was stuck by Karna’s arrows covered his chariotArjuna then took crescent shaped arrows and pierced Karna on his arms,thighs,head,neck and other parts.Then Karna severely wounded by Arjuna fled from the battlefield.HenceFirst Sangramajit was killedThen Karna fought and fled.By the way there is no “ Shon “..as portrayed in novels and shows..FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit versionKisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationVirat Parv LIV	Karna's brother is SHON. He was killed by Arjuna that too unethically , that is ,he releases some unconscious power of arrow that's why ashwattama and karna and shon has been went to a state of unconscious And Arjun taken this Advantage and killed shon , that too only shon because ashwattama is immortal and karna has inpenitrable armour so he can't kill….This Arjuna has firstly killed karna's son in draupadi svayamwara and now he killed karna's brother…Because of these two incidents Karna has not cooperated to Krishna for compramise…and this Krishna doesn't even cared about karna's brother…This incident has been deeply hurted to karna…And If Arjuna has not killed shon and sudamana (karna's son) then definitely karna has been compramised and he has been accept the offer of Krishna…	Karna’s brother Sangramajit was killed before Karna in the Virat War.And as the wind range at will, scattering masses of clouds and fallen leaves in the season of spring, so did that foremost of car-warriors--Kiritin--ranged in that battle, scattering all his foes before him. And soon slaying the red steeds yoked unto the car of Sangramajit, the brother of Vikatana's son, that hero decked in diadem and endued with great vigour then cut off his antagonist's head by a crescent-shaped arrow. And when his brother was slain, Vikartana's son of the Suta caste, mustering all his prowess, rushed at Arjuna, like a huge elephant with out-stretched tusks, or like tiger at a mighty bull.Source: KMG - SECTION LIVShree Hari…	
What if Kamsa hadnt died and fought in the Mahabharata war We know Krishna couldnt have interfered then who else could have defeated him	Well Arjuna would have with his divine arrows. Ghatotkach would have easily defeated Kamsa. And I don’t want to take the name of Barbaric because of his vow.	
Has anyone done research on Ramayan like Bori did on Mahabharat	Yes bori has also done research on ramayana which is also called critical edition of ramayana. Bibek debroy also researched on ramayana and is presented as three volume omnibus book . Ramesh menon also researched on ramayana.	Mr. Vartak from Pune, Maharashtra, wrote much more and enough about ramayana.	
What happened in North India during the Mahabharata	Many things happened in north india . Kingdoms boundary dominished some increased. There was loss of one lineage like panchal virat etc. Many kings died and some become childless . There was demographic changes.	A war.The shifting of Vedic centers, and the end of the Vedic religion and rise of Hindusim.	
How is the Mahabharat serial on StarPlus Is it good	It would surely amaze you . It's graphics cinematography the set the costume the CGI the soundtrack it's all so good. Serials like Mahabharat and devokedev maha Dev . it's a new age presentation and surely it is good.	It is good . It is creatively good and different persective towards mahabharat .	
Did Ghatotkach have the power to win the war single handedly	Thanks for asking,No, Ghatotakcha had not the power to destroy the Kaurava single handedly. He was a Maharatha and he had immense power and had destroyed the Kauravas Rakasha armies single handedly.He had no capacity to destroy the Bhishma, Drona, Shalya, Ashwatthama and Bhagdutta. He was a great warrior, but he did not boosted like Karna, the ardharathi.Shree Hari…	
Why did other great warriors like Bhishma and Karna not try to please the gods to obtain celestial weapons the way Arjuna did	BecauseThey lack the zeal to learn more.They were happy with the prowess they have and did not feel the desire to excel themselvesButAn eternal learner never stops learning,no matter how perfect he is in his craft.Arjun is that eternal and active learner who never got exhausted in his process of learning.Bhishma posessed whatever he had mostly during his training days.He learnt Praswapastra during his fight with Parasurama.After he returned to Hastinapur he was burdened with responsibilities.Still he fought battles and subdued Panchal,Kashi etc.santanu’s second marriage,death of Chitrangada and Vichitravirya and consequent happenings made Bhishma strive hard to stabilise Kuru kingdom . He took care of Dhritarashtra,Pandu and Vidura and trained them under his able guidance.Bhishma definitely faced many hurdles in life . He aged respectfully bearing with those responsibilities. Life did entangle him in a vicious circle of mishaps like Pandu’s death,Dice game etc.So he might not have had the time and need to learn more.Karna’s case was different.It was Brahmastra that was instructed by Parasurama to Karna along with Bhargawastra.Remaining astras like Vayu,Varuna,Agneya etc,,he learnt from Drona only. Only Brahmastra Drona refused to teach. Reason? Karna expressed his desire to posess it to defeat Arjuna.that Karna got what all Parasurama had in Ramayana time was not said anywhere.If that is true Parasurama would have cursed Karna to forget all powerful astras. He did not say so. He mentioned only Brahmastra in his curse.Excerpt“Since thou hast, from avarice of weapons, behaved here with falsehood, therefore, O wretch, this Brahma weapon shalt not dwell in thy remembrance 1. Since thou art not a Brahmana, truly this Brahma weapon shall not, up to the time of thy death, dwell in thee “when thou shalt be engaged with a warrior equal to thyself.”Parasurama did not add Bhargavastra to the curse. That indicates Parasurama himself did not consider it as one of the greatest astras.After returning from Parasurama,Karna mostly got involved in the feud between Kauravas and Pandavas.Despite being the king of Anga we hardly found him there as he was always present in Hastinapur.He became complacent to be frank and considered himself more than adept in warfare.Karna did not find the need to enhance his knowledge by Devine grace.He enjoyed royal pleasures with Duryothan and never thought about exploring new avenues to get more astras.Arjuna ‘s Thirst for learning.I disagree with those who say that Arjuna acquired astras because he needed them. I am sure he would have earned astras even if Dice game did not happen and they were safe and secure in Indraprastha.Arjuna’s inquisitive nature drove him towards learning more and more and acquire astras in large number.When Arjuna and Krishna defeated celestials during Khandav dahan Indra offered them boons.What did Arjuna desire? Astras.“Then Partha asked from Indra all his weapons. At this Sakra of great splendour, having fixed the time for giving them, said, 'When the illustrious Madhava becomes pleased with thee, then, O son of Pandu, I will give thee all my weapons! O prince of Kuru's race, I shall know when the time cometh. Even for thy austere asceticism I will give thee all my weapons of fire and all my Vayavya weapons, and thou also wilt accept them all of me.”Arjuna asked all the weapons of Indra.Indra said with Krishna’s consent he will offer all the astras in due course of time.Why did Arjuna need them? Even Rajasuya also was not planned by then.Arjuna’s passion forced him to get more and more astras into his arsenal. He waited till Vedavyasa fixed the time for his journey towards Himalayas to get astras through penance.Arjuna did not use all his astras in war, that doesn’t mean his effort became useless.Astras are not meant to be used without discrimination.The fact that Arjuna posessed all the astras ,that itself is enough to scare his rivals.Yes I agree,that to boost the confidence of Yudhishtir ( which I swear never happened in his life time) Vedavyasa instructed Arjuna to accomplish the mission of obtaining Pasupat and other astras.But I also believe that without the passion,thirst,energy and will power ,it is way too difficult or impossible to learn that many astras with focus,save them in memory and never misutilise them like Aswathama did.That was where Arjuna scored over his peers..Bhishma ,we can excuse due to his age factor and the traumas he faced in life but Karna just lacked the indomitable spirit and passion.Foot NotesBori Critical Edition Of MahabharataKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Adiparva CCXXXVIKarna Parva Sec 42Santi Parva 111	Bhishma acquired some divine weapons from Parashurama, but it’s not clear if he had any advanced weapons like Pashupatastra. I don’t think he had any such weapons because it’s not mentioned anywhere that he did penance to acquire them. He had the boon of ichha mrithyu and probably that made him a little bit complacent. Karna had acquired many divine weapons from his guru Parashurama including the knowledge of Brahmastra. He also had a bow named Vijaya which was no less than Arjuna’s bow Gandiva. Moreover he had the impenetrable kavach-kundal which protected him from all astras and made him virtually invincible. Bhishma and Karna also relied heavily on their archery skills because during those times, Parashurama was the best teacher.Arjuna on the other hand knew very well that he had to fight numerous atirathis and maharathis. Though he was also a skilled archer, he felt the need to possess advanced weapons to fight the enemies and have an upper hand over them. So, he went to Indralok and acquired the knowledge of many divine weapons from his father and also did penance to please Lord Shiva to get Pashupatastra.	This is a good question.Only when a person has enthusiasm on getting something, he could get the same and celestial beings will be in that person’s side. That was the case of Arjuna. And the reason he was keen to get the weapons was because he had a purpose to master all the great weapons. As the Lord Krishna told when He was talking to Arjuna in Bhagawad Gita, the entire army was dependent on his prowess for victory against the mighty warriors who were stacked against Pandavas. One who goes to the battle wins when he was the strong will to win and that comes up based on keen purpose and the celestials will back him and so it was easy for him to get the weapons. He got the weapons because he put the whole heart in winning the war and one who puts whole heart in a task wins.What was the purpose Bhishma or Karna had? Pleasing Duryodhana is not at all a healthy purpose. They both backed Duryodhana only based on their own beliefs and not because they believed they had a true purpose. Both were frustrated by the unloving choices Duryodhana was making. As far Karna all that he wanted to do was to show himself one-up against Arjuna for which interestingly he got a weapon Shakti. As far Bhishma, all that I will say is because of his unloving choices he ruined his life which he could have made useful to many persons. If he had become the king, this much problem would not have happened in Hastinapura.	Difference in Nature and need is responsible for our actions. Arjuna was by nature a learner who never stopped learning and teaching. He knew he had onus of fighting an army of people like Bhagdutt, Bhsihma, kripa etc etc. Many of them had boons of immortality while his side was weak in divine weapons element. Only he had weapons and no one else ( leaving Krishna) had divine weapons. All they had were either of lower power or they had learnt from Drona and Arjuna only like satyaki, Abhimanyu.Thus they needed someone to gather a big arsenal. It was one man vs an entire brigade of high class warriors. Karna was a person resting on his laurels. He was over confident of his capabilities and was enjoying his life in palaces. He also knew he had so many other people too support him. He first was sure of his armor and when he exchanged his armor with Indra he got infallible shakti and he thought that will serve his purpose.Coming to Bhishma he already had boon of immortality and had many weapons with him which were enough in his life time. When Arjuna surpassed them all in number of weapons during the exile then Bhishma was very old and now he did not find it necessary to acquire more weapons to counter Arjuna. He was fighting a war as he was bound by the throne. Bhishma had already accepted that Krishna will make Arjuna win and Arjuna was also a great warrior. He thought they will lose in every circumstances and war was just a formality. secondly somewhere he was also confident of his abilities and his boon of immortality.In short Arjuna alone had to face them all so he needed those weapons. He was also a learner who learnt everything without even needing that. He even learnt dancing before the need of exile came. It was his habit and now his necessity.Edit: I am reading some fans replying that Bhishma and karna did not need to get any weapons as they had learnt everything from Parshurama while Arjuna needed to get it from various sources. Well, this is big fallacy and absolute of lack of logic and understanding.Forget about all weapons Parshurama did not have even counter to weapon of his student Bhishma when he was going to fire Praswapana which was just a weapon of Vasu. So think logically Vasu are just some demi gods and here we are talking of complete arsenal of Gods which has weapons like Vajra of Indra and Varuna pash.IF all students of Parshruam had all weapons then why only Bhishma survived Arjuna Sammohan and all including two others students Drona and karna failed? Because even Parshurama had failed against ARjuna then as proven by Bhishma vs Parshurama fight. Only Bhishma and ARjuan had those weapons and not via Parshurama but via Gods.Lord Shiva himself states that no one other than Arjuan possessed knowledge of Mahapashupata( not to be confused with mention of pashupat of demi god pashupati) so was Lord shiva lying?If Karna had all weapons of Parshruama and thus all weapons of Gods than why was he relying on Shakti and with no option left had to use it to kill Gatotkacha?Lord Parshurama himself states weapons of Arjuna with pride and threat. If Bhishma and karna all possessed such weapons why Parshurama was stating that no one could counter them?Bhishma himself said that Arjuna had all weapons which he did not have and his arsenal was deadly.Mahabharat is very much clear that Arjuna had most number of weaponsAgain the false notion that as Karna and Bhsihma were students of Parshurama then they will know about everything is again illogical. Real life doesn’t happen that way. By that logic Even Shiva was teacher of Arjuna so he must be having all weapons of Parshurama and as Drona was student of Agniveshya( from line of agastya school who even gave weapons to Rama) and also he earned weapons from Parshurama then by both routes Arjuna would have all weapons of Parshurama plus weapons of angiveshyaThen why do we see Drona having Narayanstra and only later Aswhatama having it but karna and others not?Why karna was relying only on Brahmstra and shakit? His curses acted later and the theory about fair use doesn’t apply as he did use celestial.	Hi.. Don't know who created the myth but let's clear few facts.Both Karna and bhishma were maharathis who could combat over 60000 troops at a time. Both of them were disciple of Lord parshurama who was an incarnation of Lord Vishnu and had complete know-how of all the weapons and well versed with all arts of warfare. A legend goes that bhisma had unending 21days battle with parshuram in kurukshetra where he emerged victorious. Both were granted the celestial weapons and they were used in the battlefield by bhisma and Karna alike in the battlefield of kurukshetra. Only advantage of Arjuna was his charioteer Lord Krisna the saviour Lord Hanuman and knowledge of the Pashupatastra which was in his favour.So please clear your misconception.	Bhishma did not need it. He had the knowledge and the skill. Karna tried it and got 6 weapons, but because of the curse, all the weapons were used not at the intended target, Arjuna, but because of circumstances, at wrong targets, making it all useless. One more important point to note: Arjuna procured 14 weapons but did not have to use them. It probably tells that man should engage with another man only what is equally available to both and according to the rules prescribed for the engagement. Otherwise justice may not be upheld.	
How many sisters does Gandhari have	No sister at allmany brothersthe one survived was Shakuni	
Where can I find ancient books of the Puranas Upanishads Ramayana and Mahabharata All current versions are distorted	you can try looking for academic translations of the texts, Clay sanskrit library has finished translation almost all books of Ramayana for instance. Its a very simple and understandable yet correct translation. This would be good start for you.	Different person have written on them like penguin classics ramesh menon bibek debroy bori critical edition iskon kmg etc these have researched on these granths and reproduced it as it is .	We don't get all the books in one roof. You have to search at many places. you can try pune. There are many book sellers.	Hari om, you are asking a question as to: “Where can I find ancient books of the Puranaas, Upanishads, Ramayana and Mahabharata? All current versions are distorted.”.Hari om.Read originals from the National Libraries of Delhi, Kolkatta, Mumbai and Chennai.They will be available there. You can also try from The Central State Library, Afzal Gunj, Hyderabad.Hari om.	
Who was most favourite son of Kunti	Parth (Son of Pritha i.e. Kunti) was one of the most popular names of Arjun. He was the most dear or favourite son of Kunti. Arjun was Kunti’s youngest son. He was extremely close to Kunti and always obeyed her. When he won Draupadi in Swayamwar, just at the behest of Kunti he was ready to share her with rest of his brothers. He always used to take Kunti’s counseling before doing any important task. Just before the war, when Kunti went to meet Karana, even Karana told her that her five sons would remain alive, it would either be him or her favourite Arjun. Many believe that Kunti went to Karana only to ensure that Arjun would survive the war.Post war, when Pandavas got to know that Karana was their elder brother, Yuddhishtir and Arjuna had stopped talking with Kunti for not reveling Karana’s true identity to them. While Yuddhishtir never talked with Kunti again, Arjuna did bid her farewell when Kunti decided to retire in forest for remaining of her life post war.Hence, Arjuna was Kunti’s favourite son.	Who was most favourite son of Kunti?Kunti never made any distinction between her own sons and Madri’s sons.Regarding food she never compromised with the diet of Bhimsena or Vrikodara.Regarding safety she loved Arjuna the most because it is Arjuna only who was lovingly called by Pandu as Krishna and this trend was kept by Yudhisthira.For being the youngest son of Madri and after her death Kunti, she loved Sahdeva and when Pandavas were going to the forest, Kunti advised Draupadi that she should specially care for Sahdeva.Vrikodara, for food, Sahdeva being youngest, Arjuna being mighty in archery so much liable to attacks from the enemies, Kunti had carved out affection but for the unity amongst all the brothers she loved all.	
What happened to Yuyutsu after the Mahabharata	After the war, Yuyutsu became prime minister (mahamantri) for yudhisthir (as vidur for dhritrastra). Later he was appointed as a patron for the king parikshita when padvas started their journey to swarg.	
Why didnt Duryodhana try to extend the war by appointing Ashwathama and Kripacharya as commanders respectively after the death of Karna Why did he just ran away and hid in the pond	After the death of Karna, the King of Madra, Shalya, was appointed Kaurava Commander.Once all his brothers were no more, his uncle Shakuni was killed, and his lifelong and dearest friend KARNA was no more, Duryodhana had lost his will to fight, though he was a peerless and brave warrior. When Shalya was killed by Yudhishtira, and Shakuni was killed by Sahadeva, Duryodhana left the battlefield and submerged himself in a nearby pond to cool his body and mind. Without their King, the Kaurava army scattered…there was no army for the next commander to lead.Eventually, after the duel between Bheema and Duryodhana, as Duryodhana lay on his deathbed, he appointed Ashwatthama as the Commander out of the three remaining warriors, as Ashwatthama promised to kill the Pandavas. However, Ashwatthama had no army to command; so cannot be called a commander in true sense.	Duryodhana can be evil , cruel , unworthy , a dharmic or whatever negative adjectives you could associate with him but one thing you should not term him as coward . He was Kshatriya and Kshatriya take pride in dying on battle field and they are always ready for it .Death of Karna finishes Duryodhanas will to fight , Shalya who is also responsible to death of Karna feels embarrassed and remorsed at the way Karna fought Krishna Arjuna duo with honour , dignity against all ods . He himself gives the news of Karnas death to Duryodhana but asks to lead the Kaurava camp as he would like to repend and avenge pandavas for there cruel act . Shalya is pandavas uncle and was supporting Pandavas from kaurava side .Shalya was revengefull and army genral needs to be aggressive . Shalya also had boon that his powers doubles up or multiplies against aggressive opponent , so again Shalya is undefeatable . Krishna sends cool Yudhisthira to fight Shalya , Yudhisthir is master of spear fighting and kills Shalya with ease .Yudhisthira finds it very difficult to kill his own uncle.Duryodhana looses his cool and is demorlised due to fact that non of pandava brothers are even injured forget being killed and stand refreshed behind Krishna.He goes to pond and dips in for relaxation , Death of Karna also makes Duryodhana to fight further for kingdom , but as Kshatriya he cannot run away from the battle field or surrender further to insult his kins who died for his cause . He was defiantly in hurry tofinish the war with his own death . When yudhisthira challenges him to fight with his weapon of choice and person of his choice he chooses mace which was natural and selects worthy opponent in Bhima and not Nakul or Sahadeva , he could have easily choosen any of panadvas except bhima to win the battle as offered by Yudhishthir . That makes Duryodhana true warrior and fights bhima with valour but is injured heavily by bhima who hit below the waist breaking his thighs , mace fight doesnt allow to hit below the waist but bhima does this to fulfill his vow .Dying Duryodhana has nothing to live for and awaits death , Ashwathama and kripacharya continue to take on and punish pandavas for there diciet . Duryodhana has no other option but lets ashwathama take revenge by killing pandvas , incidently ashwatham kills pandava kids who had nothing to do with the war and brings heads to dying duryodhana . Again Duryodhana repends the cruel death of pandava kids . He finally dies a warrior death . his all ill treatment through his life against pandavas vanishes as heaven open there gates to a person who died a warrior death fighting fairly .	Why didn't Duryodhana try to extend the war by appointing Ashwathama and Kripacharya as commanders respectively after the death of Karna?A commander-in-chief is not just a random position that can be given to just anyone.They need to know the formation of the army and should be able to tactically adjust / modify it to take up the enemy’s formation. By 18th day, Pandavas had a substantially large army compared to Kauvaras’ army. It was not clear whether Ashwaththama or Kripa had such knowledge / capacity to manage this situation.Also, a leader must be able to motivate the army. After Bhishma, Drona was considered the tallest warrior in Kaurava camp. After Drona, the Kauravas believed in Karna (because they thought Bhishma / Drona fought half-heartedly with Pandavas). With Karna too fallen, Shalya tried his best. With every single known warrior routed, Ashwaththama and Kripa survived only because they were Chiranjeevis, it was not an easy task to motivate the meager army left with them.His act of making Ashwatthama his commander, after being stuck by Bhima, is to be seen as an act of desperation from someone in deathbed.Why did he just ran away and hid in the pond?The actual narrative varies. One thing is clear - by this time, he realized that he was blindsided thinking that he can win the war. He lost his brothers (Duschashana was killed brutally) and his dear friend Karna. One of the narratives is that he might have been rejuvenating himself.	Duryodhan didn't try to extend the war by appointing Kripa or Ashvatthama as general because that would be useless.The last good general that Duryodhan had was Dronachary.We need to understand the difference between a warrior and a general. A warrior can be exceptionally talented and can win single combats against opponents. But a general has to lead a whole army to victory.Karna and Ashvatthama were very good warriors and Kripa was not even that. All three were absolutely useless as a generalWhen Karna became general Kourava still had almost 3 Akshauhini (Kritavarma’s Shalya's and Karna’s troops from Anga Vanga sushma, Pundra along with Gandhar army were intact more or less to Pandvas with just leftovers of Panchal and Satyaki's army).Dronachary had caused a massive carnage and before him Bhishma. They had a soft corner for Pandavas but were absolutely ruthless with their army. Drona had infact used brahmastr on the pandav soldiersKarna managed to get most of the kourava army and all Kourava brothers except duryodhan dusshasan killed in a matter of just 1 day. An Army that Bhishma and Drona had defended well for 15 days. Ashvatthama was worse. Once Karna fell they couldn't save anyone else except themselves.There was no army left for either Kripa or Ashvatthama to be a general. And even if they had been made one Pandavas would have annihilated all in a half day's time.The only reason Ashvatthama succeeded in pulling off the massacre of Panchal forces and uppandavas was because they were sleeping in drunken stupor after presuming the war had ended and Pandavas were not there.If the uppandavas or drystadyumn had been in their sense or Pandav present, Ashvatthama wudnt even dare to attack them	Your understanding is wrong. Duryodhana was tired and was in full grief, after losing his friend Karna in the warfield. He received the news from Shalya and immediately he appointed Shalya as the commander-in-chief for kaurava army and said he would fight under him the next day as that day he was too tired of losing his 99 brothers and close friend. He then left to the pond without informing anyone. But Shalya soon lost his life the same day and the remainder Maharathis like Ashwathama, Kritavarma and Kripacharya, didn’t know what to do without a commander and no presence of Duryodhana as a leader. However, by the time the three of them discovered Duryodhana, Pandavas has already discovered him and he was already fighting with Bheema. Post losing to Bheema, Duryodhana assigned Ashwathama as the commander in chief and orders him to kill the pandavas, which he couldn’t do anyways.	The war did not end from the side of the Kauravas even after Karna's death, The mighty Shalya was made commander in chief of the army but Shalya too was killed by Yudhistira in combat, by that time the Kauravas were completely routed and Duryodhana couldn't gather his remaining forces to rally against the Pandavas and both Kripa and Ashwathama were of no match to the Pandavas especially when all five brothers along with Dhristadyumma were still alive. Duryodhana was completely helpless and burning with vengeance he entered inside of a pond in the words of Duryodhana himself.	
What was the power of the Praswapa Weapon used by Bhishma to defeat Parshuram Why did he not use it to defeat Arjuna	Thanks for asking the question.Bhishma made Parasurama unconscious by his powerful weapon.After getting back to senses Parasurama hurled Brahmastra and Bhishma also shot his Brahmastra.Bhishma in his dream like state got the knowledge of Praswapa Astra from great brahmins. They advised him to use it on Parasurama with the power of which ParSurama will get into deep sleep. Then by using another Astra Samvodhana Bhishma can revive him.(Excerpt)O king, Rama will not be slain outright by it, thou shalt not, therefore, O giver of honours, incur any sin by using it! Afflicted by the force of this thy weapon, the son of Jamadagni, will fall asleep! Vanquishing him thus, thou wilt again awaken him in battle, O Bhishma, with that dear weapon called Samvodhana!”Bhishma got ready to use it on Parasurama but Narada prevented him saying that it will be an insult to Bhargava Rama,If Bhishma sends him to sleep.The battle stopped in the middleBoth Bhishma and Parasurama were pacified and convinced to stop their battle by Jamadagni,Pitris And Narada.Why Bhishma did not hurl that at Arjuna?Because Arjuna had all kinds of astras in his arsenal. He knew how to reciprocate or nullify any Astra. He can counter them successfully.Parasurama himself described Arjuna’s invincibilityParasurama said thus in Kurusabha when Krishna came as an envoy of Pandavas.( Excerpt)Therefore, O king, besides such weapons as Kakudika, Suka, Naka, Akshisantarjana, Santana, Nartana, Ghora, and Asyamodaka, are placed on the string of that best of bows called Gandiva, go thou unto Dhananjaya, laying aside thy pride Struck with these weapons, men always yield up their lives. Indeed, these weapons have other means corresponding with the eight passions, such as lust, wrath, covetousness, vanity, insolence, pride, malice, and selfishness. Struck with them, men are confounded, and move about frantically deprived of their senses. Under their influence, persons always sleep heavily, cut capers, vomit, pass urine and excreta, weep, and laugh incessantly. Indeed, that Arjuna is irresistible in fight, who hath for his friend Narayana--the Creator and Lord of all the worlds--fully acquainted with the course of everything. Who is there in the three worlds, O Bharata, who would venture to vanquish that hero--the Ape-bannered Jishnu--who hath no equal in battle? Countless are the virtues that reside in Partha. Janardana again, is superior to him. “Parasurama explained the wide range of weapons Arjuna posessed which are calledKukudika,Suka,Naka,Akshisantarjana,Santana,Nartana,Ghora and AsyamodakaThese astras also cause sleep,vomit etc. Struck by them the man becomes senseless.So Parasurama who fought with Bhishma ,confessed here that Arjuna can not be vanquished by anyone.Bhishma admittedAfter his fall,Bhishma told Duryothana thus( Excerpt)“The weapons appertaining to Agni, Varuna, Soma, Vayu, and Vishnu, as also those appertaining to Indra, Pasupati, and Paramesthi, and those of Prajapati, Dhatri, Tashtri, Savitri, and Vivaswat, all these are known to Dhananjaya alone in this world of men! Krishna, the son of Devaki, also knoweth them. But there is none else here that knoweth them.”Precisely Bhishma mentioned that all the astras are known only to Arjuna and Krishna.When such vast knowledge of astras was present with Arjun,it will be too easy for him to counter any Astra that includes the Astra mentioned in the question.And The Prediction holds trueNarada,Pitris and others predicted before Parasurama that Arjuna is destined to be the conqurerer Of Bhishma( Excerpt)arjunaH pANDavashreShThaH pura.ndarasuto balI |naraH prajApatirvIraH pUrvadevaH sanAtanaH || 19||savyasAchIti vikhyAtastriShu lokeShu vIryavAn |bhIShmamRRityuryathAkAlaM vihito vai svayambhuvA || 20||“Bhishma is one of the foremost of Vasus! O son, it is fortunate, that thou art still alive! Santanu's son by Ganga--a celebrated Vasu as he is,--how can he be defeated by thee? Desist, therefore, O Bhargava! That foremost of the Pandavas, Arjuna, the mighty son of Indra, famous as Savyasachi hath been ordained by the Self-create to be the slayer of Bhishma!'”Brahma ordained Jishnu,the son of Indra as the slayer of BhishmaThats it. Destiny definitely dominates and rules over people. Bhishma is no exception.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Sanskrit version Udyog Parv ch 186Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationUdyoga Parva Section CLXXXVIII,XCVIBhishma Parva CXXIII	First of all that was not prakshepatra If I am right. It was Praswapan weapon which could make anyone sleep in battlefield. Technically Bhishma did not defeat Parshurama as he was immortal but it could have put him to sleep and thus in one way had defeated him , so Parshurama himself accepted defeat but refused to leave the battlefield. Finally, a draw was settled by saints and parshurama ancestors.Now, Bhishma could have defeated Parshurama because he did not possess any counter to that but Arjuna did have a counter. He possessed several such mystical weapons and even Arjuna did not use them in Kurukshetra war. He did use Sammohan against them ( same effect as praswapan) and they all fell asleep barring Bhishma. Both Arjuna and Bhishma knew counter and thus it made no sense to fire them. It was battle to do or die.A weapon similar to that but lower in effect was fired by Drishtdyumna and kauravas fell asleep but Drona countered it and brought many kaurava warriors out of slumber.So, that weapon would have resulted in stalemate and no impact of the outcome of war.	Praswapastra was one of the mighty weapon which Bhishma only carried that time. However it's power is not described in Mahabharata, neither it is mentiones that how powerful it was w.r.t Brahmastra or other mighty weapons, but that was sure that was sureshot weapon like Brahmastra. However Bhishma never used it. He tried to use it against Parashuram but then revoked. Both Bhishma and Parashuram had all the weapons that's why there was no sense to use Brahmastra etc but in Arjuna's case, Bhishma didn't need to use any mighty weapons as he was ablebro counter him without them.	Praswa weapon induced sleep in the person it was targeted at. Bhishma possessed it on account of being the eldest Vasu. (Vasus are a group of 8 devatas,who incarnated as Santanu”s sons due to curse of Vashisth. They had tried to steal his cow). It was his personal weapon, just like Krishna had sudarshan on account of him being an incarnation of Vishnu.Bhishma did not use it on Arjun because it would be useless. Arjun was famous as Gudakesa, the one who had conquered sleep. Similary Arjun had sammohanastra given to him by devas it would hypnotize and make still the opponent it was targeted at. Arjun used this astra in Virat war and it worked on everyone except Bhishma who remained conscious.So sleep weapons had no effect on Bhishma who owned that weapon and Arjun who had conquered sleep	Bhishma although knew how to use Praswapa, didn’t use it against him in his combat as written by Maharshi Vyasa in his Mahabharata.Before his fight with Parashurama (Rama as is called in the Bhaarata written by Maharshi Vyasa), Bhishma prayed unto the Gods and asked them to give him blessings on how to win against his perceptor during the battle and not kill him. The Gods appeared to him and told him to use Praswapa, which they told him that he could recall the Praswapa weapon as he knew how to use it from his former life-as the foremost of the Vasus. They explain that Praswapa would make his opponent Rama (his perceptor) to go to sleep in the warfield and then after awhile he could use Samvodhana astra, which would awaken him and thus make him defeated in the war. But then when the time came during the war and no-one was using divyastras, Bhishma was still winning, as he had already wounded the old perceptor, yet while he invoked Praswapa, Narada and other brahmarshis appeared in front of him and asked him to recede from waging war against his perceptor and revoke using the Praswapa weapon. With a lot of convincing from the Brahmarshis, although he had no mindset to recede, he finally desists and gives up the combat with his perceptor. So, here neither Praswapa nor the Samvodhana astras were used against Parshurama nor were they used later on anyone by Bhishma.	That praswapa weapon possessed by Bhishma was capable of putting Parshurama to sleep but Bhishma didn't use the weapon on advise of Narada as it would be an insult to his guru, Bhishma could've defeated the son of Bhrighu but the fight was called off from both sides with Parshurama accepting his defeat. Arjuna on the other hand was born to be the cause of Bhishma's death and being gudakesh Arjuna had already conqured sleep so that weapon would be ineffective against mighty Arjuna and also Arjuna had many astras with him capable of countering Bhishma's weapon and Bhishma was quite aware of that.	
How many days did Kauravas and Pandavas fight	Kurukshetra war took place exactly for 18 days.	The Kurukshetra War continued for 18 days. But from their childhood, the Kauravas were hostile towards the Pandavas and tried to kill them. Even during the Agyatavas of the Pandavas, Arjuna had to fight with them a small war.	
How do you believe that Krishna is with you	
How do we know that Veda Vyasa wrote the Mahabharata	How do we know that Veda Vyasa wrote the Mahabharata?1. Reference from Unabridged version of Mahabharatha itselfJaya (original name for Mahabharatha) was first narrated by Sage Vaisampayana in the assembly of King Janamejaya (great grandson of Arjuna, grandson of Abhimanyu, son of Parikshit). Sage Vaisampayana was a direct disciple of Sage Veda Vyasa and he heard this composition directly from his Guru. One of the persons who attended this narration was Suta Pauranika. He then narrated this to Sage Saunaka and assembly of other people in Naimisaranya. Any unabridged (original) version of Mahabhartha starts with Saunaka and others welcoming Suta Pauranika in Naimisaranya. They ask him what did he hear in the assembly of King Janamejaya. Suta Pauranika then narrates whatever he heard from Vaisampayana. I am providing the exact verse spoken by Suta Pauranika:janamejayasya rajarseh sarpasatre mahatmanahsamipe parthivendrasya samyak pariksitasya cakrsnadvaipayana proktah supunya vividhah kathahkathitas capi vidhivad ya vaisampayanena vaisrutvaham ta vicitrartha mahabharatha samsritahKrishna Dvaipayana is Veda Vyasa.2. Reference in Sri Vishnu Purana:KrishnaDvaipayanam Vyasam Vidhdhi Narayanam Prabhum |Ko hyanya: Pundareekaakshaan Mahabharatha kruth baveth ||It is mentioned in Sri Vishnu Purana that “Sage Veda Vyasa (Krishna Dvaipayanam) is Narayana himself. Who else could’ve composed the great Mahabharatha?”3. Reference from our Acharyas:All Acharyas (Adi Shankara, Ramanuja and Madhvacharya) have mentioned that Veda Vyasa was the original composer of Mahabharatha.Based on the above, we know that Sri Krishnadvaipayana, who is also called as Veda Vyasa, is the original composer of Mahabharatha.	All unabridged versions of Mahabharat start with quote that Vyasa composed Mahabharat. The first chapter explains in detail how he composed it initially as a smaller version Jaya and then expanded it. How his disciple Vaishyapayan narrated it for the first time in Arjun's great grandson Janmejaya's Sarpasatra where Vyasa was also present. And that how the present narrator's father lomaharsha heard it there and from him the present narrator Ugrashrava heard it and now was reciting it amongst the largest gathering of sages of that era in Naimisha forest for an event organized by Rishi Saunaka.Then in the same chapter a Brief summary of the story is narrated with number of chapters, content summary of each chapter and number of verses in itFrom there whoever heard it passed it on similar but the first chapter remained the same, explaining the original composition of MahabharatSo the original foreword and table of contents has remained the same in every transcript obtained so far and hence we know the original composer/author was Vyasa	There was once a great author who thought of the events of Mahabharata, composed the verses and Lord Ganesha was (supposed to be) the scribe who wrote down the ‘poem’ after understanding the deep meaning verses. The Mahabharata was supposed to have been written before the events happened. The sage had that kind of seer prowess to foresee all the events in those great details. That great sage was born out of the union of Sage Parashara and Satyavati, the foster daughter of the fisherman chief (Dashraj). He was named Krishna Dwaipayana. He is believed to have skipped childhood completely and became a man straight after being born. He also said to have composed the four Vedas, the knowledge scriptures of Sanatan dharma and the basis of Hinduism. Hence he was also known as Ved Vyasa.This person is credited as the author of Mahabharata which is sometimes called as the fifth Veda of Hindu scriptures. Now you may call him by any other name, you may give him your name if you wish. To sum up:(Romeo & Juliet, Act II, Scene II)Juliet:'Tis but thy name that is my enemy;Thou art thyself, though not a Montague.What's Montague? It is nor hand, nor foot,Nor arm, nor face, nor any other partBelonging to a man. O, be some other name!What's in a name? That which we call a roseBy any other word would smell as sweet;So Romeo would, were he not Romeo call'd,Retain that dear perfection which he owesWithout that title. Romeo, doff thy name,And for that name which is no part of theeTake all myself.So, what is in a name, dear?	Veda Vyasa did not write the Mahabharat but he composed it and recited to his pupils.Then, it is known that Vaishampayan, one of his pupil recited it to King Janamejaya in the Sarpa Jagya in front of him.There, Ugrasraba(Sauti) listened to it and later narrated it to Rishi Saunak.We know about this MahabharatAs per my knowledge, it was changed a lot. Vyasa's Mahabharat contained 8800 slokas , Vaishampayan's Mahabharat contained 24000 slokas and Sauti's Mahabharat contained about 100000 slokas. I'm not very sure about the numbers of sloka.	Hello veda vyasa is not the writter of Mahabharat . Mahabharat is authorised by Vyasa but written by himself lord Ganesha so Ganesha is the writter of Mahabharat .on request of vyasa, Ganesha wrote the whole Mahabharat because only lord Ganesha (god of knowledge ) can wrote this excellent “Granth” no one can .but no one can even doubt Mahabharat as itself lord Ganesha approved it's authenticity .Geeta is the part of Mahabharat that means Mahabharat is very broader whereas Geeta is narrower .	The mahabharata was taught by vedvyasa to vaisampanya who taught it to hastinapur naresh at that time when he was avenging his father parikshit who was bitten by snake takshak due snake bite,he was arranging the snake sacrifice which was halted by astika who told him about jaya ( mahabharata earlier name)which made king jnameyajaya curious about his ancestors and his story so he listened vaisampanya.This was heard by sauti who taught to the gathering of seers in naisham forest . This is first chapter of mahabharat where sauti is heard describing ved vyasa as author of mahabharat	
Why didnt Krishna punish Pandavas for betting their wife in the first place	From what I learnt from Mahabharata, noble souls who led righteous lives punish themselves by repenting in their own way. They can be severe on themselves.Pandavas spent 12 years in exile and one year in incognito. This period was not like a long picnic in a forest resort. Those days, wild animals outnumbered humans. It is mentioned in the epics that powerful demons lived in forests. Felons and the uncivilised men were also aplenty those days in the forests.A) Before the game of dice, Pandavas had lived tough lives. They were born in a forest. They lost their father when they were teenagers. When they returned to Hastinapura, their cousins and uncle saw them as competitors to the throne. They led a life full of sacrifices and threats to their lives by Kauravas. Yet, they kept their heads down, lived a righteous life and achievements which a normal person could easily become arrogant and boastful about. Their difficult past and guidance by Shri Krishna helped them keep grounded always. They worked hard to rise as the most powerful Kshatriyas world had ever seen. The following answer entails how the might of Pandavas grew.Anandteerth Deshpande's answer to What policies did Yuddhisthira adopt as a king of Indraprastha in the Mahabharata epic, which resulted in rapid developments?B) As it is known Pandavas reached Kamyaka forest. Pandavas performed daily rituals as Kshatriya’s do without fail. Of course, they were gifted Akshaya Patra by Sun God which could present all delicacies for the people living with Pandavas and would serve until Draupadi had her own food.C) Most importantly, there was never peace for the Pandavas in the forest. A married woman never keeps her hair unbraided and untied. Keeping hair untied and unbraided is a sign of widowhood as per ancient scriptures. Draupadi kept her hair unbraided since the time she was dragged by her hair by Dushyasana and was disrobed in a hall full of Kshatriyas who are bound to safeguard a woman’s honour. Further, her five husbands who were undefeated and the most feared Kshatriyas in the world then did not move an inch to protect her. What kind of a woman could withstand such disregard to the honour of her person by her husband? So, Pandavas knew that Draupadi was challenging their valour and Kshatriya honour constantly by flaunting her open hair. How can a woman who was a Pativrataa, keep her hair open? This must indeed have been torturous for Pandavas. Bheema was the most impatient brother among Pandavas, who kept constantly telling Yudhishthira what he did was wrong. Bheema’s and Draupadi’s words were like salt on wounds to Yudhishthira.There were unpleasant incidents symbolic of growing manifestation of Kali during Dwaapara. Doorvasa’s visit under Duryodhana’s influence to Pandavas’ camp, separation from Arjuna during his visit to Indra-Loka for five years, Duryodhana’s capture at the hands of Chitrasena Gandharva, attempt of kidnapping Draupadi by Jayadratha, frequent attacks by demons - Jatasura, Narakasura and Baka. Further, Pandavas spent their year in hiding in Matsya Kingdom as good as slaves.What was all this for? They had lost in the game of dice due to the treachery of Duryodhana and Shakuni. Yet, they felt themselves honour bound to fulfill the terms of wager - which Pandavas had lost to treachery. Do you think Pandavas needed to live in exile spending 13 years of their prime lives amidst enormous difficulties. This was nothing but a way to repent for their own mistakes by acceding to the game of dice, wagering away kingdom, kith and kin to treachery, and finally losing one’s own honour.	All the struggle they underwent was more than enough.The entire mahabharta war would have been averted if the wise yudhistra had taken a right decision when he was invited for the game. When duryodhan said that my uncle shakuni will.play for me…..yudishtir shud have told that Krishna will play for me.Instead he was afraid that if Krishna comes to the game site or even if he knew of yudhistirs acceptance it would not be nice..and he even feared if he do not accept the invite he may end up with a war.But by agreeing to join the game he ended up there.For the very reason of not willing to let Krishna know that gaming decision they suffered enough.Krishna is karunamurthy. If once anyone surrenders to forgive his sin then he saves him. That complete surrender and understanding that he is the ultimate got the pandavas out of further perils.If one understands his :ma'am ekam charanam vrajha…and surrenders him..he will rescue…Hare Krishna.	Draupadi was considered a mere Dasi by all including Pandavas/Bhishma/Krishna in Mahabharata.Betting a dasi was not an offence in those days.Interestingly, Yudhisthira didn’t bet his wife Debika in the game.	
Who acquired control on his all senses among all Pandavas	Thanks for asking.Arjuna acquired control over his senses.Draupadi in Vanaparva tells Jayathrath ..Excerpt“And there, that foremost of bowmen, endued with intelligence and renown, with senses under complete control and reverence for the old--that brother and disciple of Yudhishthira--is my husband Dhananjaya! Virtue he never forsaketh, from lust or fear or anger! Nor doth he ever commit a deed that is cruel. Endued with the energy of fire and capable of withstanding every foe, that grinder of enemies is the son of Kunti. “Draupadi on behest Of Jayathratha described her husbands one by one.(Excerpt)mRRidurvadAnyo dhRRitimAnyashasvI; jitendriyo vRRiddhasevI nRRivIraH |bhrAtA cha shiShyashcha yudhiShThirasya; dhana~njayo nAma patirmamaiShaH |She said Arjuna is the foremost archerHe has senses under his controlHe respects eldersHe never commits a cruel deed.He is like fire in energyHe can tackle any rival.Surely Draupadi’s words sound sensible and true.Arjuna as per unabridged Editions refused Urvashi the most beautiful apsara on moral grounds.Arjuna also refused Virata’s offer to marry his daughter Uttara..as it is unethical to marry his student .who is like his daughter.Even otherwise also we never find Arjun lose control over his senses.Case in point Dice Hall insult..Withdraws Brahmasira( Excerpt)“ Having said these words Dhananjaya withdrew his weapon. The withdrawal of that weapon by the gods themselves in battle is exceedingly difficult. Not excepting the great Indra himself, there was nobody save the son of Pandu, who was capable of withdrawing that high weapon after it had once been let off. That weapon was born of Brahma energy. No person of uncleansed soul can bring it back after it is once let off. Only one that leads the life of a brahmacari can do it. If one who has not practised the vow of brahmacarya seeks to bring it back after having shot it, it strikes off his own head and destroys him with all his equipments. Arjuna was a brahmacari and an observer of vows. Having obtained that almost unobtainable weapon, he had never used it even when plunged into situations of the greatest danger. Observant of the vow of truth, possessed of great heroism, leading the life of a brahmacari, the son of Pandu was submissive and obedient to all his superiors. It was for this that he succeeded in withdrawing his weapon.”PreciselyArjuna followed brahmacharya. For that getting senses under control is essential.Arjuna performed penance. Without achieving control over senses it is highly difficult to do penance. Arjuna practiced Ashtanga yoga and pleased the three eyed lord not only with penance but also with valour.Arjuna’s control over his senses was exhibited in the manner how he utilised his Devine astras. Being a brahmin Drona became indiscriminate but not Arjun.Verily Arjun proved his amazing power of celibacy by withdrawing Brahmasira..which can not be done by any one else.Hence Arjuna displayed amazing control over senses through out his life.FoitnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Vana Parv Ch 254Kisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Vana Parv CCXLVIIISauptika Parv Sec 15	
Were weapons used in Mahabharata more destructive than the current weapons being manufactured all over the world	Not all weapons used in mahabharat were destructive than current weapons except brahmastra which is todays atom bomb equivalent . Brahmashira astra which is equal to higher version of nuclear bomb and atom bomb combined. Pashupatastra was of higher effect. Narayana astra would destroy whole army in seconds .	No becoz they were controlled by the power of mantras. If only one person was supposed to be killed then specific mantras were chanted so that even the charioteer doesnt die or even an ant. Todays weapons have no control be it bombs bullets or nukes. Any one can die.	Theoretically may be.. nobody can know for sure.. Destruction of after affects of the brahmastra, seem very much like a nuclear weapon it has been said so by many. Guided missile (Jaidrath vad), Nagasthra, Shakti astra.. all their descriptions are terribly similar to current weapons.	
Was Karna not discriminated in the original Mahabharata Did the British edit the Mahabharata	No , not at all. First of all Suta was not a lower caste then. Actually the stigma around Suta was not caste but inter caste marriages. Contrary to popular belief they were not Sc/ST or shudra. Suta were actually son of Brahmin mother and kshtriya father. This was the reason that there was some stigma in kshatriya community about them but not the melodrama we see on TV.Suta were kings, Brahmins and general or Charioteer depending on profession they chose. It was not a lower caste always. It was issue of Class more than caste. you could say other Kshtriya were elite while they were slightly of less importance for the higher sections of kings but certainly not lower caste.Keechak was a suta but general of Mastya and brother in law of kshtriya king virat, MB was narrated by Sauti a Suta and Kekaya princess fought for Pandavas were too Suta. There were many such examples.Now coming to karna there are several wrong notions and charges where people things he was discriminated.Drona did not reject him.This is one of the reasons why Karna gets so much sympathy but nothing like that in original epic. He was not rejected by Drona outright but was a student. He got all education but only Brahmstra which was the highest degree or say scholarship was not given to him which by the way only three students of Drona got Arjuna, Aswathama and yudhishtir. Other kshtriya students too did not get that weapons. Arjuna got it with complete powers when he saved Drona during the test. Even yudhishtri and Ashwathama did not have complete knowledge of that weapon. The misconception about Drona rejecting karna and thus he went to parshurama is wrong. Karna wanted Brahmshira to counter Arjuna and thus Drona fearing its misuse against his favorite student made excuse of caste.Here is proof from BORI critical edition which is acclaimed all over and even BRC claims to have taken it as sourceThen the valorous Drona taught Pandu’s sons the use of many weapons, human and divine. O bull among the Bharata lineage! Other princes also came to Drona, supreme amongBrahmanas, to learn the use of arms—the Vrishnis, the Andhakas, kings from many countries and Radheya, the son of the suta. They made Drona their preceptor. The suta’s son was envious of Partha and always competed with him. With Duryodhana’s support, he showed his contempt for the Pandavas.so, we can see Karna was student of Drona and it is given he was jealous of Arjuna. Then he approaches Drona seeing that Arjuna had surpassed everyone.Beholding that Dhananjaya was superior to every one in the science of weapons, Karna. one day approached Drona in private and said these words unto him, 'I desire to be acquainted with the Brahma weapon, with all itsmantras and the power of withdrawing it, for I desire to fight Arjuna. Without doubt, the affection thou bearest to every one of thy pupils is equal to what thou bearest to thy own son. I pray that all the masters of the science of weapons may, through thy grace, regard me as one accomplished in weapons!' Thus addressed by him, Drona, from partiality for Phalguna, as also from his knowledge of the wickedness of Karna, said, 'None but a Brahmana, who has duly observed all vows, should be acquainted with the Brahma weapon, or a Kshatriya that has practised austere penances, and no other.' When Drona had answered thus, Karna, having worshipped him, obtained his leave, and proceeded without delay to Rama then residing on the Mahendra mountainsHere , again you can see in MB shanti parva we see that Drona actually did not give him Brahmaastra due to knowledge of his wickedness (proximity to Duryodhana) and safety of Arjuna. He knew that Karna envied Arjuna but couldn’t do much as he was servant of Hastianpur and couldn’t rebel against Durydoahna and his friend Karna directly. So he made excuse of his caste, however Drona could have easily denied him without that as he did not give that weapon to any other kshtriya student barring Arjuna and his son. But Drona did not have much options.Draupadi Rejected him because of his casteThis is one Dragon me and my friends and even scholars are trying to fight for long. But it is one lie that has been told several times that now it is almost a gospel truth. BORI CE has rejected that part. Draupadi never rejected him in 1200 plus manuscripts but it somehow crept in one of the commentaries few centuries ago and thus in popular KMG translation and even Gita press. However, it is also given that karan failed in that contest. Southern edition clearly says he failed and missed by a hair’s breath. Neelkanth commentary source to many modern translation hindi and english and from where this lie came also had a footnote that karna was unable to string that bow but no one paid heed to that. for more clarity read this one with proofLakshmi Telidevara's answer to If Karna would have been allowed to shoot an arrow on that fish during Draupadi's Swayamvar, then would Draupadi be the wife of Karna?Amrita Talukdar's answer to What exactly happened during Draupadi Swayamvar? Why was Karna rejected? Was Shri Krishna present? Did Shri Krishna suggest this rejection?Thus Drona did not reject karna mainly for his caste but his relationship with Duryodhana and Draupadi did not reject him at all.Now, the other part is that he was insulted in Rangbhoomi contest by Bhima but even I have replied to that also. Actually Rangbhoomi was pre planned staged event by Duryodhana and Dhritrashtra. When in Vana parva it is clearly given that Adirath was friend of Dritrashtra and he got him admission in school of Drona and even given in Adi parva and Shanti parva then what was so surprising about that?Duryodhana clearly said that karna was not son of Radha but of divine origin and even stated example of Kartikeya. It was Karna who gatecrashed the event and first commented on Arjuna and thus the issue escalated. Bhima insulted him because of his past tension between Duryodhana and him and thus Karna became a target. It was more of political tussle than caste issue or personal stuff going on. Karna was easily allowed to showcase his talent and no one commented on him but only when both Arjuna and karna rushed to kill each other. I have replied to that one too.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Did Bhima do the right thing by insulting Karna when Karna challenged Arjuna to a duel in the tournament arranged by Dronacharya?So, Karna was not discriminated in Mahabharat as it has been shown on TV. Every person faces some sort of discrimination in life. Sometimes on basis of wealth, status, gender , caste or even sub castes. Even big kings insult smaller kings and even Drona a Brahmin by caste was insulted by Drupad. Karna insults were more related to his own hot temper and ambition and less because of his caste.SourcesBORI CE translated by bibek debroyGita press gorakhpurSacred-Texts: Hinduism KMG translationVarious commentaries on Drauapdi swaymwar.	There is a huge difference between “Original Mahabharata” and “ TV shows Mahabharata “.LikeTV serials showed Karna as a very poor Dalit or Shudra. FACT : Karna was not poor dalit or shudra, but his father was royal charioteer and friend of Druthrastra.TV serials showed that Karna was discriminated by Drona. FACT : Karna was trained by Drona.TV Serials showed that due to caste of Karna, he was cursed by Parusharam . FACT : Parashuram cursed Karna for his betrayal and not for his caste.TV Serials showed Karna was insulted by Pandavas in Rangabhoomi. FACT : Rangaboomi was organized only for kauravas and pandavas ( even Ashwathama and other students of Drona were not allowed to participate). But Karna in his arrogance crashed in to personal party of Hastinapur ( Rangaboomi) and started to insulting Drona and Arjun, in response Bhim insulted Karna.TV serials showed Draupadi insulting Karna. FACT : Draupadi never insulted Karna, instead Karna failed in the swayamwar test.TV serials showed Karna was killed in unfair method and weaponless. FACT. : Karna was killed in fair method.	How could anybody edit an epic like Mahabharatha?In the course of time, several people of leftist mindset or atheist thinkers wrote their own versions of Mahabharatha. In those versions, Karna was discriminated. In reality, not even Hastinapur several kingdoms in Mahabharatha never discriminated towards caste. Vyasa was son of parashara and Satyavati (fisherwoman by birth). Dhritarashtra, Pandu and Vidura were sons of Vyasa in reality and they were accepted as heirs to Kuru dynasty as per the then laws. Krishna and Balarama were sons of Vasudeva and Rohini and Devaki. The Kshatriya (rulers not a caste here) family of Vasudeva and Rohini were related to yadavas by marriages two generations ago. Jarasandha was not even Kshatriya, but was a King of Magadha long back Duryodhana made Karna as King of Anga. However, several versions came out during British rule and after that influenced by the people who cannot be discussed here for short.	The iskcon mb which i am reading states that suta is a class amongst shudras . Also it says drona imparted all the basic weaponary education to karna BUT THE REAL REASON WHY HE WAS DENIED THE KNOWLEDGE OF DIVINE WEAPONS WAS THAT NEITHER DID HE MAINTAIN ANY BRAHMINICAL VOWS NOR DID HE PERFORM ANY AUSTERITY LIKE KSHATRIYA. so basically karna wanted every thing freebees without making any efforts. For e.x some one trying to get a job without completing graduation	In all version of Mahabharata there are places where he was not recognised for the skills he poccessed.Places where Bhima insulted him, Dhrona insulted him. Bishma insulted him. Even yudishtar insulted him on the war...He was Sathriya by birth infact like the others pandavas. Born through kunti and Sun God.He got the right to learn the war fare but it was denied in several places.PANJALI insulted him in the Suyamar..Arjun insulted him always.Except Sahadev and Kunti every one discrimated him in the entire epic.	Original mahabharata was different and regional adaptations of mahabharat has different story to offer. Karna was discrimiated in any version of mahabharata . He was abused as shudra his whole life . But original mahabharat says that he did not forget about brahmastra as he was unable to counter anjalikaastra he died on battlefield. He insulted the most to draupadi during the gambling . He always get defeated in an encounter with arjuna if he was great . He was not such an danveer he is assumed . He always gave support to his friends duryodhana and shakuni . Indeed he was great friend of his time comparable to krishna and sudama .krishna and karna lifestory similar in many ways like foster parents upbringing them married princess whom they dont love etc . Think on this you will find your answer	
Who is the real heroine of the Mahabharata	If you want an honest answer devoid of all fandoms and personal choices, it’s Niyati. Yep, she’s the real heroine of Mahabharata. Never heard of her? She is what we call Destiny. This lady ruled supreme over everyone, no matter how powerful and valorous the warrior was, or how pious and dutiful the woman was. She reduced to ashes the powerful Bhishma who had a boon that he could choose the time of his death. She brought low the irrepressible Drona who couldn’t be killed while he had a weapon in his hands. She broke the life thread as well as the arrogance of Karna. She showed the molestor of Draupadi, Dussasana, who’s boss. She made Duryodhana realize he couldn’t carry the kingdom he had wanted and fought for with him ultimately. She showed the Panchalas a war ends only when she says so. She made Draupadi realize that having five brave men as your personal protectors still doesn’t mark you safe. She made Gandhari and Dhritarashtra see that having a hundred sons doesn’t mean your family name will go on forever. She made Ashvatthama rue his boon/curse of immortality. She made Yudhishthira feel the pangs of ruling a kingdom of ashes. She made the powerful victors, the pandavas realize that time and tide catch up with everyone. She was powerful enough to reduce the entire race of the legendary Kshatriyas to nothing, thereby showing us nothing lasts forever. She told us something so seemingly innocuous as a family quarrel can have devastating consequences. She still rules supreme, if we only acknowledge it.	
What was the role of Kunti in history Was Kunti responsible for the war of Mahabharata	This questions baffles me the most.Why should we blame a mother and orphan of five sons for war which was actually brainchild of a blind envious person and his egoistic son?War did not happen because of Kunit or shakuni or anyone but only because of Dhritrashtra and then his son Duryodhaan and even karna.Now some of the accusation areIf she had come back after Lakshagrah the kingdom had not been divided and they would have been punished. what a bad idea!!First of all who was going to punish them ? Did Dhritrashtra and others not knew it. Did vidura not prevent it? Dhritrashtra and his group of karna, shakuni all sit and plan these things which is quite given in epic.If that could be done it could have been done. There was a reason for remaining silent. All in kingdom immediately started saying that father and son burned sons of kunti. But could anything be done? who was going to punish them?Even before division it was Bhishma who somehow convinced them but Dhritrashtra and his son were talking about attacking pandavas or dividing them by many means. who was going to get them justice when they were openly speaking these things? Dhritrasthra acts nice in front of vidur but as soon he leaves with gifts they start debating again and Dhrit says he did not want Vidur to understand his intentions.If she had been not ordered Draupadi to be divided than Yudhishtir would not have bet Panchali in the game of dice.Again it is a false notion that kunti divided her. By the way Vyasa had already planted idea of them all marrying panchali for unity. As per rule Yudhishthir had to marry her but Drupad who wanted Arjuna like person his Son in law had contest designed in that manner. As it was pre decided Kunti was just the medium and it was Vyasa who was pulling the strings. He had already made them interested in Draupadi and all his sons had somewhere seen her as their wife and even were looking at her in that way.Why should we blame Kunti for false notions of Yudhsithir? Her decision was actually binding them and it was not first case of polyandry either. It had happened earlier. With yudhishthir at helm they would have been trapped one way or another. We should not forget that Jayadratha tried to abduct her even in exile.would we even blame her for existing ?and Finally not revealing about karna or even throwing him?Well, when there is hatred a person finds a way. There is no doubt that karan was main strength of Duryodhana but if he had decided to fight then he would have found anyone else somehow and still battled. What guarantee is that fate could be changed? It could have been that instead of his five sons being chased by them now her six sons were being chased. It would have only changed power dynamics but not necessarily avoided war.So, if giving birth is reason for war then ganga gave birth to Bhishma who started that mess. Why not blame Surya who forced kunti into getting that son karna?Yes, kunti said it was a mistake that she called him but Surya said all gods will laugh on him and he will curse her and her family. So she asked a promise that he would defend him always. Surya promised and gave armor. she even kept eye on karna through spies given in Vana parva. she even knew he was with Adirath.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Is Kunti right with Karna?So, kunti led to war, Draupadi let to war is usual woman bashing without realising what kind of strain they were in. The world is not good for widows specially if they have property and that could be snatched or they are claimant to one throne. Kunti did best she could. She was much better than Gandari who kept a blindfold and did nothing and when his sons died cursed others.	Obviously.Kunti was the mother of 4 :- Karna Yudhistir Bheem and Arjun. She was also the cause for the birth of Nakul and Sahadev. So her role was to give birth to the Pandavas(I include Karna as well) who would take part in the war and the rest is history.Kunti in a way was responsible for the war. If she and her sons had returned to Hastinapur after the Lakshagruha incident, they could have got Duryodhan punished and claimed the authority. Therefore Kururashtra would not have been divided. Hence Yudhistir would have continued as Yuvaraj of Hastinapur.2. If she had been quiet that day when Draupadi and Arjun married by not telling share her, Yudhishtir would not have bet Panchali in the game of dice.3. Initially, when Karna was humiliated at the Rang Mantap, if she had boldly claimed Karna as her son and made him a pandava, Duryodhan would have lost Karna. Remember Duryodhan was confident about the war because of Karna. Or she must have not tried the mantra in her childhood leading to Karna’s birth.Kunti was in a way was responsible for Mahabharat.	Every one has a role to play as this world is a stage we mere actors mere player and lord script writer. Kunti has great role to play . She is the force that unites the brother . She is inspiration for brothers for fighting against injustice. She is the pivotal character in this epic . She is reason behind draypadis marriage to five brothers. She is the aatma of kuru household.	woman is very dangerous, she is your body, computer, sun, creation, nature every thing. Whether there is fight between, either it should be for kaama or kanchana. she is director of the creation. she called as Ishwari. She lying as power of king ships, power in democracy. Without her nothing works. Hence Lord shiva simply fell under feet and telling it is ok. For the sake of creation I live like that.Then answer is yes. a beautiful narration of advaitha in mahabharath.	
What would have happened if Pandavas in Mahabharata would also formed Chakravyuha to counter the Kauravas Chakravyuha	Nothing. In a while Drona would have broken through.Why Drona? Because although nothing is said specifically about the ability of Kripa, Bhishma and Karna in their army to break the vyuham, we can be sure that Drona knew the art of making and breaking it. A man who forms it knows how to break it, and Drona formed the vyuham.We have reasonable belief that Bhishma could have broken it as he was a disciple of Parashurama.Karna had a shady track record.Chakravyuham and its cousin the Padmavyuham are not all that effective against people who know the way it works.The Kauravas also did not form it when Arjuna was there. They formed it only when Arjuna was away. Had they known that Abhimanyu knew how to break it and get out (which was not the case), they would have stuck to more effective vyuhas like Kurma Vyuha.	Well, I sometimes wonder why people take Chakravyuha as some sort of Password which if anyone knew he would go and enter and then it would break. Some even think it was some sort of firewall and you enter some code and you are protected. Some even think it was as easy as making noodles. You go there and enter noodles and some masala and bingo!! you get your dish in just 2 minutes.People who think that if Pandavas had created Chakravyuah then Drona knew it and he would have gone their and broken it, so they did not create it.It is a faulty argument in first place.Why Chakravyuha was not created but other vyuha were created ?Did Drona or others not know how to counter them?Both forces constructed Vyuhas and counter vyhas daily even though both sides had stalwarts who knew weaknesses and strengths of those formations.So why should Chakravyuah not created which had even fewer people knowing it?Other Arguments are that karna was student of Parshurama so he must be knowing it etc etc. Well, we don’t know whether he knew it or not but epic doesn’t suggest he knew it. Drona knew it but all of his students did not know about it. Yudhishtir was not a great warrior but a decent warrior and sharp minded and he was the main guy making Vyuhas for the Pandavas but even he was not able to learn it from Drona.Other misconception is that Drona learnt it from Parshurama but he did not. His principle teacher was Agnivesh and Bhardwaj and Drona learnt everything from them. He only received weapons from Parshurama not any education as such.Now, coming to basic question is that Chakravyuha is not some sort of easy formation. It requires massive manpower to create it and still leave lot of army as spare to handle other situations. Pandavas never had that kind of advantage. Their army was smaller in number.For first 10 days no one from both sides even thought of Chakravyuha as first 10 days both played more in defensive manner which is normal thing to do. Even in cricket and other sports no side tries outrageous thing in the first go. It might back fire big time. After 10 days both sides had lost numbers and Drona was now commander and he thought of capturing yudhsithri and make its side win. Pandavas had lost even more people and their size was significantly reduced but Kauravas still had numbers on their side and also were getting regular replenishment and thus were in good shape. Thus Drona was able to form it and attempt that stuff out.One big risk in Chakrayuah formation is that if it breaks it might backfire big time and thus attempting it required lot of precision. Think of it as a big event and you have to get all things right. you need to be sure of entry and exit points and have control over the operation.When Drona created his formation he wanted Arjuna out of the arena not just because he knew how to break that one but Also because ARjuna was capable of breaking it and even bringing others into the formation. Arjuna could have not only entered by himself but also created huge gaps for his assistance to enter. He also knew how to even turn the formation of the opponent to his own advantage.Chakravyuah is not some chapter which you learn in your classes but also a practical stuff. Even if anyone is taught about it in theory than it is highly doubtful that the person could carry out in practice and be so capable to counter the protector of gate and also disperse soldiers and keep them engaged so they don’t fill those gaps again. It was not static formation but a dynamic formation like a tornado sucking things in.Kauravas success (actually they failed in real sense)did not just depend on Arjuna going out and others not knowing it. It depended highly on Jayadratha. Here also one big misconception is that he had boon so other pandavas couldn’t follow him. Well, it is partially true, but not fully. Not just boon to beat other four pandavas but also weapons he recieved from his father and his skill. We should give some credit to saindava for being really smart of using Chakravyah and it complex nature to present a great show. He just had boon for four pandavas but not all of them. Gatotkach, satyaki like warriors were superior to him but he used the narrow entry and dynamic nature of formation to his full advantage.It was not Just Abhimanyu knowing art in theory but also his great skill to kill soldiers and directing his charioteer in right manner. One thing people should get that if Abhimanyu had been a weak warrior then even after knowing it in theory he would have not been able to surpass Jayadratha who was a good warrior and also his power was amplified many times because of the formation of Drona. But Abhimanyu was great warrior who was doing great from day one. He also had beaten Jayadratha in sword fight. Here, Jayadartha lost to him but was wise enough to fill gapsPandavas could have still entered the formation and done better but perhaps they had no idea of the boon and thus Bhima might have been( I am just guessing probable factors) to follow abhimanyu first and thus blocked by the boon.Now, had Satyaki or Gatotkach been the closest to Abhimanyu then chances were high that they had entered immediately with abhimanyu before the gaps were filled. Jayadrath had no boon against them and if they had been closest to abhimanyu then it would have been better. But once Jayadrath was able to close the gates and fill the gaps even they had no chance. Hindsight is perfect and if they had any idea instead of following abhmanyu separately better would have been to place satyaki or gatotkach on same chariot of abhimanyu. One reason could be that chariot were not big enough to accommodate weapons of both warriors at a time and such warriors carried huge arsenal with them. If they had foreseen such failure they would have ideally done that stuff.However, this entire Abhimanyu entry was not related to the question directly but was much needed to explain that chakravyuh success depends on many factors and just knowing to make and break it is not enough.Had pandavas numbers with them even they would have tried it and I don’t see any single warrior from Kauravas side barring Bhishma surviving that stuff.Imagine Drona, Karna, Ashwthama or anyone else alone trapped in a formation surrounded by Arjuna, Satyaki, Bhima, Gatotkach, Abhimanyu, Dristhdyumna and still coming alive out. Same Drona alone couldn't surpass Satyaki once and Arjuna was even more powerful.Remember what Abhimanyu did to all of them in their own Chakrayuha and they had to deploy so many tricks and deceit and still lost so many of their warriors. Now what chances any single of them had in chakravyuha of Pandavas surrounded by say six of warriors like Abhimanyu?	
How can we trust the KMG version of Mahabharata as KMG is a totally anonymous guy	You don’t need to trust any version. Just buy BORI CE and read it with KMG< Gita press and southern edition. BORI CE is best as it deals with all interpolations but at the same time we should not discredit southern edition which is more elaborate.Now coming to KMG , he is not anonymous guy. His name is krishna mohan ganguly who was a very well known scholar of his times and did lot of hard work in translation. Most probably it was based on Neelkanth commentary. He was just a translator who tried his best to translate it and keep the spirit intact.Although there are some interpolations like Draupadi rejecting Karna or some mistakes here or there ( no one can exactly translate sanskrit or any language , some lines are bound to be lost in translation) but still it is one of the best unabridged version available.KMG is a great work of his times and still one of the best edition available. In my opinion it stands in top five for sure. We need to respect hard work he put in doing that mammoth task. BORI is an institute which had more resources and people with them so they were also able to do research work to weed out later interpolations.	What do you mean when you say “KMG” is a “totally anonymous guy”?Do you know what the word “anonymous” means? Here it is, just in case:QUOTEanonymousəˈnɒnɪməs/adjective(of a person) not identified by name; of unknown name.eg: "the donor's wish to remain anonymous"synonyms: unnamed, of unknown name, nameless, incognito, unidentified, unknown, unspecified, undesignated, unacknowledged, mystery; having no outstanding, individual, or unusual features; unremarkable or impersonal."eg: his impeccable, slightly anonymous Chelsea flat"synonyms:characterless, unremarkable, nondescript, impersonal, faceless, colourless, grey"eg: an anonymous London housing estate"UNQUOTENow, KMG is the abbreviation of a name. It stands for “Kisari Mohan Ganguli”. So, KMG is not an “anonymous guy” - let alone a “totally anonymous guy”, for heavens sake! (Could we please use some word less casual and flippant than “guy” - something like, for example, ‘person’?)You may have meant “unknown” when you said “anonymous”. But, again, unknown to whom?Perhaps you do not know anything about him - including his full name. Here is a link that could help you a little, just a little. But it does not divulge any personal information about him; that could be rather disappointing to you.Kisari Mohan Ganguli - WikipediaNow, the trust you repose in the work you refer to - KMG’s translation of the Mahabharata - doesn’t really depend on whether the work is by someone whose name is known or not. It depends on the content. To judge the content you need some scholarship of your own or of someone whose scholarship you acknowledge or trust implicitly.In any case, KMG translated the Sanskrit version of Mahabharata available to him. To the best of my little knowledge, the translation itself has not been assailed so far - in the sense it has not been held to deviate from the original Sanskrit text available to him. To that extent, one can indeed “trust the KMG version of Mahabharata”. I do, however, have reservations about the phrase “KMG version”; “KMG translation” is perhaps more accurate.So, if KMG’s translation is to be found fault with, the fault must be with the Sanskrit version available to him. This is where the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute, Pune, comes in.Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute, Pune, brought out a “critical edition” of the Mahabharata - based on a comparison of the various versions available to them and weeding out what were thought by the scholars involved in the work as interpolations.Incidentally, BORI is the abbreviation of Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute. the Critical Edition brought out by them is often called the BORI Critical Edition or BORI Edition.Bibek Debroy has brought out a ten-volume translation of the BORI Critical Edition of the Mahabharata; you can go through the work if you think the BORI Critical Edition of the Mahabharata is reliable. Else, you can look elsewhere.	
How did Drona and his pupil feel after they were defeated by Ekalavya in a contest	As far I know Pandavas weren’t defeated by Eklavya but they were amazed by his talent of archery without any guidance.That Incident goes like this -Pandvas’s dog once roaming and barking in jungle (as of dog’s behaviour )With Pandava’s and Eklavya was practicing his archery and he got disturbed by Dog and used his arrows in such a way that dog’s mouth was full of arrows without any scratch.Anjuna was totally amazed by that skill and asked dronacharya “you told me that am the best archer in this world ,but I have never seen such type of skill and even you never taught me something like this “Even Dronacharya got amazed and after searching in jungle he met Eklavya .And demanded his right hand’s thumb.Few people thinks that Dronacharya did wrong but he gave him unique knowledge of archery that can be done even without thumb .That’s why Eklavya is also knows as founder of modern archery techniques.(without use of thumb technique)As you can see in about picture only fingers are involved in archery .He was so skilled that he was willing to kill whole Yadav dynasty of lord krishna in Dwarka ,then Lord krishna was so curious to meet him ,and unfortunately Eklavya was killed by Lord krishna to save Arjuna and Dharma.but he was fortunate that he got killed by Lord krishnabecause Lord krishna knew that he can easily defeat Arjuna ,but he was by side of Adhamra .I personally Feel for sad him .Jay Shree krishna .	There was no such context to begin with. Drona and his disciples witnessed the archery skills of Ekalavya all f a sudden and were greatly amazed.	
Whose friendship is more pure between Sudama and Arjuna for you	People appreciate Sudama and Krishna friendship more than Arjuna and Krsihna friendship at times without understanding the basis of friendship. Sudama was one who hid his food from krishna in childhood but still Krishna considered him friend and showed his love. Here I see love of krishna more than Sudama. Krishna is always great and he has that love for all of us. yes, Sudama was also a devotee but his faith was not strong. It shook when Krishna returned him empty handed for a while. . Sudama Krishna friendship has been highlighted by vaishnavites while on other hand they have tried to pull down Arjuna and tried to show him as just a confused devotee. But why that should be done at all?I would just say that friendship are friendships and nothing which could be compared. They are all unique relationships and there is no point in pitting them against each other. Both were pure and there are no scales for that measurement.Krishna says he could give anything for ARjun andMahabharat began with sholk dedicated to their friendship and their relationship. what more proof we need?Also read this what Krishna says about their friendship that they could cut their flesh for each other and lay their lives for each other.O lord of the earth! For Arjuna’s sake, I can slice off and give my own flesh. This tiger among men will also lay down his life for my sake. O father! This is our understanding, that we will protect each otherBoth are soulmates and not just one life but many life and eternal soulmates Nara and Narayana. Arjuna showed trust in Krishna at various junctures in his life. He completely surrenedered to him and Krishna too showed him the right way. Arjuna lost his honor, they were sent to exile and had many low points in war but still he kept on trusting Krishna. He loved Krishna dearly and when Krishna left this world it completely broke him. Krishna says one who loves Arjuna loves him and one who hates Arjuna hates him. One who follows Arjuna follows him. There are many things in the epic which show their deep trust in one another. Arjuna has risked everything trusting on krishna always. He when even crossed his brother Yudhisthri followed Krishna advise.Such was friendship between them they trusted each other, couldn’t live without each other and were called Two Krishna. Their friendship has many funny moments, some crisp moments and even debates but that purity keeps going. Krishna Arjuna friendship is so deep that it also becomes some sort of testimony and see how Krishna states it when he was reviving ParishityathAhaM nAbhijAnAmi vijayena kadAchana |virodhaM tena satyena mRRito jIvatvayaM shishuH || 21||Excerpt“That hero of unfading glory, belonging to the race of the Dasarhas, promised to give the child his life. Then he of pure soul, said these words in the hearing of the whole universe,--'O Uttara, I never utter an untruth. My words will prove true. I shall revive this child in the presence of all creatures. Never before have I uttered an untruth even in jest. Never have I turned back from battle. (By the merit of those acts) let this child revive! As righteousness is dear to me, as Brahmanas are specially dear to me, (by the merit of that disposition of mine) let Abhimanyu's son, who is born dead, revive! Never hath a misunderstanding arisen between me and my friend Vijaya.Let this dead child revive by that truth!”SourcesBORI CE MahabharatGita press gorakhpur	There should not be a comparison between Arjuna and Sudama. Each had a different place in Krishna’s life.Sudama the childhood companionSudama was his childhood friend. Krishna must have played with him..studied with him,ran around the trees,he must have played hide and seek also…That age is meant to enjoy such things..he must have played pranks also.That friendship was unsullied,pure,fresh and unaffected by worldly troubles.Sudama was fortunate enough to be the partner and classmate of that Krishna who was yet to take the mantle of the great strategist who defined the course of the future of Aryavarta.Sudama when again met Krishna after many years ,he came across the Dwarakadhish who was widely different from the endearing prankster,his mischievous Kanha who lived with him in Gurukul.But to Krishna’s credit he did everything to make Sudama not get intimidated by his aura as Krishna Vaasudev.Arjuna the eternal soulmate.ARJUNA entered Krishna’s life when both were in prime youth. They met after Drsupadi swayamvar and never looked back since then. The Raivataka hill and the great ocean of Dwarika witnessed the comradiare.Their friendship was spontaneous,breezy and full of life.Two of them spent quality time in Indraprasth after Arjun’s marriage with SubhadraThey went on a pleasure trip to Yamunashores They roamed in Khandav van.Krishna Arjun friendship blossomed due to their mutual love and concern. They both are similar in every aspect.Even their looks also prove the fact. Both are Krishnas,Dark in complexion.Both are handsome and their charm captivated men and women alike.Both are adventurous at heart . Proved by Khandav dahan which at that moment had its own risk factor as it involved Indra. Still they went ahead and won..While Krishna was looked in awe by every one else,Arjuna never got unnerved by his Devine aura. In Gita he admits the fact that he treated Krishna like his friend ,cousin and called him Yadava,Sakha etc.So while Krishna enjoyed his friendship with Sudama in his pre youth,Arjuna became his counter part,alter ego or bosom friend till the end.Krishna cherished his friendship with Parth to the extent of not desiring to look at the world devoid of Arjun. This confession of Krishna himself certainly places Arjuna topmost in the list of Krishna’s close friends.There is nothing I can not give to Arjun…Krishna swears before AswathamaTo sum upWe all love our childhood friends who were with us for a limited period of time . We part ways but reminisce the memories. On any rare occasion when we met them we feel excited and exhilarated. If such friend of us is in need and we are in a position to extend help we certainly do that at the best of our ability.Krishna’s friendship with Sudama was such…Childhood friends..parted ways but met again to feel the bond again.Krishna’s friendship with Arjuna was different to that of his friendship with Sudama.Except for the Exile period and incognito they both spent maximum time with each other. Their extended circle included only Draupadi and Satyabhama.A celebration of sortsKrishna Arjuna showed how to live life as friends . They were untouched by the hardships of life.They can be cheerful even in times of tribulation.Why did Krishna love Arjuna that much?Because Arjuna doted upon him more as a normal friend and spent quality time with him .Arjuna did not let Krishna’s Devine identity overshadow his normal enchanting self. When Krishna was with Arjuna he was himself…just Krishna the cousin and friend of Arjuna.(except at the time of Gita discourse)There never was a moment of misunderstanding between them.Krishna confessed his love and friendship for Arjuna number of times. He never did so for others.Bhishma,Vidura,Dhritarashtra,Sanjaya,Duryothana,Karna Balarama and Yudhishtira acknowledged their friendship as uniqueArjuna ,like Krishna was an ardent exponent of music and dance. Apart from his great warrior skills ,Arjuna mastered music and dance. Krishna who was often acknowledged as the player of flute must have relished this aspect of Arjuna also.Arjuna was easy going and lighthearted like Krishna himself. The Epic highlighted their conversations when they were together .With Arjuna Krishna becomes care free and expressive in any situation.Arjuna could question Krishna so well during Gita because of the rapport he had with Krishna.Only Arjuna was able to pacify Krishna when Krishna got angry in Vana Parva.Retained their friendship ..till the endThe flavour of their friendship was so fragrant and deep that they continued their comradiare even after Mahabharata war.While Krishna revived Arjun’s grandson Parikshit to succeed the throne Arjuna crowned Vajra ,the great grandson of Krishna as the king of Indraprasth.True to his Confession Krishna left the world before Arjuna as he can not see the world devoid of Arjuna.Arjuna followed him fulfilling his duties…but he did it in trance. He became cheerless and lifeless without Krishna.ConclusionKrishna Sudama friendship was pure ,unsullied butKrishna Arjuna friendship was eternal,ideal,Devine and exceptional.Finally I thank the questioner for framing this beautiful question and creating an opportunity to answer it on the occasion of friendship day.FotnotesBori Critical Edition Of MahabharataKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation	This is like asking, which is better, Sun or Moon?In my opinion, Sudama’s relationship with Lord Krishna leaned more towards friendship, while Arjun’s relationship was more towards a disciple and Guru type. When Arjun showed unwillingness and discomfort to fight in the Kurukshetra, like a Guru, Lord Krishna gave him supreme knowledge and imparted Godly wisdom to him. The revelation of Bhagvat Geeta from Lord Krishna to Arjun, gives me the feeling that Arjun considered Lord Krishna as his guru. Their’s was a very unique blend of both friendship and guru-shishya kind of relationship.In Bhakti yoga, there are different bhavas. One of them is Sakha bhava, which has taught us, that we can be friends with God. Both Sudama and Arjun have taught us Sakha bhava, which they had towards Lord Krishna.I believe that both had pure love of friendship for Lord Krishna.	He belongs to everyone but is away from worldly attachments ie he belongs to none but everyone belongs to him . Heis dearer to both sudama and arjuna . Arjuna is nar and keshav narayana ,two brothers of same soul . So arjuna and keshav are single entity and no different . These two have symbiote association ie one is nothing without other and both coexist equally. Arjuna is pran of keshav so he is closer to him.Sudama is childhood poor friend of keshav with whom he enjoyed his gurukula days . They would togethorly go to jungle bring woods for yagna . They would share same food . They would teach each other . They exhibit true friendship which is above caste creed status etc and there is no expectation of others but true love between two. Sudama is also closer to keshava as he gave him everything without sudama ever asking in return of puffed rice.	Not my aukaat to judge 2 of the greatest devotees of KRISHNA. One feet krishna personally washed another he became a chariot driver. Both of them are purest of the pure	
Did Yudhishthira have any financial troubles when he was the king of either Hastinapur or Indraprastha	Do you know the other names of Arjun?Two of Arjun names was “Dhananjay” and “Vijay”(Arjuna had more than 10 name's) .Arjun was called as “Vijay” because he was always victorious in all the battles which he had fought and was never defeated by anyone.Arjun was called as “Dhananjay” because he brought mountains of wealth to his kingdom, which no other kings had never seen in their entire lifetime .So due to Arjun, Yudhistir never had a financial problems. ( except in Vanvaas and Agnathvaas)	
Why isn t Abhimanyu the most skilled and ferocious warrior in Mahabharata given enough credit compared to the likes of Karna whom he had defeated and drove away from battlefields multiple times in a one on one	Thanks for A2AAbhimanyu lives forever in the hearts of Epic lovers.Who will give credit? To whom?People who won’t even read the Epic are giving credit based uponRetellings like,Mrityunjaya,Jaya,Palace Of Illusions and many more.Who matters?Those Who read the Epic with dedication. They matter. They will judge who deserves credit and who is not worthy of it.They know how distorted the TV shows like Surya putr karn are.So when Krishna of Surya Putr Karn calls Karna mitr.friend.it will be a matter to laugh at.people who care for the Epic never gave credit to Karna Who is way less a warrior and person than how he is projected in TV shows and novels.Abhimanyu gets credit from real readers of the Epic.Yes. Abhimanyu is praised by sensible people who knew that at such a young age he surpassed Karna and made him run for his life. And it is a matter of pride for us,who bother to check what the Epic narrated.Veer Abhimanyu AwardThis award was initiated by Indian Government to be offered to boys of under eighteen in Kho-Kho game.So Abhimanyu got recognition from right sources and right minded people. Isn’t it enough?Conscience is the better judgeAbhimanyu dared to enter Chakravyuha without aid ..He was not perturbed when the four Pandavas could not follow himHe created a riot inside and shattered Drona’s ChakravyuhaSo called maharathis fled away from him…to save themselves.Did not bother about his life but concerned only with his father’s reputation.He said..Excerpt“. If anybody, encountering me, escapes today with life, I shall not then regard myself begotten by Partha and born of Subhadra. If on a single car I cannot in battle cut off the whole Kshatriya race into eight fragments, I will not regard myself the son of Arjuna.'And Abhimanyu kept his promise.If Abhimanyu did not get his due from a section of people,I don’t bother.I feel proud that Arjun’s son lived up to his father’s valour. Arjuna was that father whose good fortune to get a heroic son is unparalelled.FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of MahabharataKisari Mohan Ganguli English Translation Drona Parv XXXIIII	In My Opinion, Abhimanyu was far superior to Karna in archery filed. However, he was not as experienced as like Karna in the war, hence he was slain in the battle.Karna as a experienced warrior or archer in the war, always ran away when he saw his death before him. So, Here Abhimanyu had less quality than Karna that he was not a good runner. No one can beat Karna in running, not even Dushashana.Karna was totally destroyed by Ghatotakcha, Satyaki, Bhima and Abhimanyu, but he had ability to run faster than all. Jayadrtha should have learned to this from Karna, so he could have been saved from Arjuna.Read: Deepak Kumar Jha's answer to Why even though Karna is defeated by Arjuna, Bhima and Satyaki still people consider Karna as great warrior?Read: Why is Karna overrated despite losing multiple times to Arjuna?Abhimanyu is the example of bravery.However, Abhimanyu was the also the Abhimana (ego) of Pandavas (Complete Purusha) and without loosing ego (abhimana) you can’t achieve to master of Yoga and Vedanata as well as Moksha named Krishna.FYI - Moksha is not heaven.Shree Hari…	Abhimanyu was great warrior no doubt but it is also true that karna get more credit & respect in compared to abhimanyu & in my opinion following are the reasons -Mother Kunti gave birth karna before marriage,so being scared of society /blazon ,she drained him off in holy Ganga .Karna survied because he was son of Lord surya,and was adopted by weaver.Society always insulted him ,humiliated him because of his lower caste standards ,and unaware of him being suryaputra society termed him sutputra.He always got insulted,humiliated by everyone in his life until Duryodhana made friendship with him .He is also a good example of friendship,he already knew that he will not win the war because Lord krishna was form arjuna’s side.sitll helped his friend Duryodhana.And in between war Lord krishna also told him that he is Kunti’s son ,then he also felt being rejected all the time by his own mother ,even he was in front of her that time .He also wanted to do sucide beacause of humiliations in his childhood but he had Lord surya’s shield,so he failed.And just because he was greatest charitable person ,Lord Indra betrayed him in attire of monk ,and demanded his shield ,which was beneath of his skin ,he took a dagger and cuts his own skin and gave shield to him ,Lord indra felt too bad for him but because it was Lord krishna’s order he had to do so.And in battle Arjuna killed him fraudulently.And in case of Abhimanyu he lived his all life being a prince but unfortunately in last of his time he got killed mercilessly & also it was karna who finally killed Abhimanyu and apologised him in battlefield because Karna knew that kauravas will not kill him easily,they wanted him to suffer and beg for deaths. So ,karna did it and cried too .I feel really bad for both .Abhimanyu was Brave warrior But Karna was the great one.Jai Shree krishna.	Abhimayu was born to live 16 years only , Krishna wanted to Abhimanyu to get honour of bravest of the brave and martyred death a warrior should get . Abhimanyu is relevant only for one day of fatefull Krukshetra war , rest his life is cosyily bought up in Dwarka under Krishna himself and no body is interested in 16 years of Abhimanyu upbringing . Abhimanyu indeed defeats every Kaurava warriors single handedly when mighty bhima , Nakula , Sahdeva , Dhristridumna , and other were not even able to penetrate outer layer of vyuva . But his father Arjuna punishing jaydratha ( Jaydratha though not fully responsible for abhimanyu death alone)the very next day annihilating 1/3 Kurava army releaves the audiences , imediately the Abhamanyu death is forgotten .Abhimanyu virgati instills confidence but also teaches us not to be reckless when you are completely confident . Abhimnyu went inside alone not even looking back for support instead of taking Bhima along which would have broken the chkravihva backbone . Abhimanyu doent know to come out of vihva , half knowledge is more dangerous . Abhimanyu is finally killed by Laxmana , duryodhanas son who are of equal age and friends too .no one would like to take example of Abhimnyu were death is sure .But death of Karna is different , he was destined to die in wrong side , his whole life is an epic in itself . His death is itself tragedic and brings depression among every body associated . after he knows his true birth , he proudly chooses the wrong side . Karna is defeated many times but not once Karna fights feroceously like Abhimanyu .only on 16th day he defeats all the pandavas with relative ease including Arjuna krishan duo . Karna dies next day as all curses , negetive boons take there effect . Arjuna requires Divyastra named Anjalika to kill Karna .Karnas death brings duryodhana down to quit , but once he knows Karnas actual story , he takes on the fight with pandavas for final battle . Karna secrete desturbs yudhisthira to such a level that he forgets and forgives every period they had susained even forget death of Pandva sons, yudhisthira refuses to rule hastinapur .Karna teaches us what we should desire . Karna is dream every person born in avarage to poor family sees . Hard work , dedication( he deices to be best archer) , right path (karna joins kshatriya race even though he is harrassed ), true to values (karna doesnt desert frindship , family and well wishers when he finds Pandvas , Kunti , Druapadi to be his own . His acceptance could have prevented war but he prefers to let yudhisthira the rightfull rule the kingdom as he would had been major obstacle , he would continue to fight person who supported and stood by him the most . also it was meaningless as mother was trading him for lives of 5 brothers .	Sorry for delaying . It’s a great question . An eye opening question for all of Us. No doubts about the Abhimanyu war fare skills. I will start with basic logics. Comparing each other teachers & feats & Defeats of those teachers who trained Karn & Abhimanyu the great. And the Gurus of both warriors too .See the teachers on both sides off course the Gurus of those teachers who taught Abhimanyu the great & Karn & then look the difference .1)Teachers of Karna - Drona & Parshurama.2) Teachers of Abhimanyu - Arjuna , Lord Krishna, Pradyuman , Satyaki , Kritvarma & Dnt forget Subhadra . And grand mother like Kunti , Hidimba & mother Subhadra can never be neglected .A) Teacher of Karn -Drona & ParshuramaTeacher of Parshurama- He was taught by his father & mentor named Jamadagni & later on by Dattatreya . Lord shiva had given him celestial weapons n boons . Taught him martial Arts .FEATS: -- Parshurama killed Sahstrarjun ( A great Chandravanshi king from Haihaya kashtriya dynasty who had power of 1000 arms & cud defeat karn n jarasandh if there had been war b/w them ) & his sons & grandsons cuz JAMADAGNI was killed by Sahstrarjun . And Parshurama took the oath of killing whole Haihya Kshtriya dynasty & it took the blood shed of 21 members of this dynasty . So it includes sons , grand sons & Sahstrarjun killing. To accomplish this task Parshurama had to fight 21 times & each time he took away the life of one of the inheritance n blood line son of Sahstrarjun. So it’s an another eye opening fact that Parshurama killed 21 Kshtriyas of same dynasty rather then Vanshing whole Kshtriyas cuz it was impossible task for any one.Parshurama DEFEAT :- Parshurama ji was defeated by another Kshtriya named Devvrat during MB times . The war took 24 days & Parshurama ji failed to broke the pledge of Bhisma not marrying Ambalika .B) Teacher of Abhimanyu -Lord Krishna, Satyaki , Kritvarma, Pradyuman and Arjuna . And offcourse mother Subhadra.And Arjuna teachers - Drona( full time ), Kripa , Bhisma ( partial teacher ) , Indra & above all Mahadev ( full fledged teacher) .Feats of Arjuna :- Defeated Drupad , Defeated huge part of kuru sena during his 1 yr secret exile called as Virat war where he defeated all Rathis , Maharathis & Atimaharathis of Kuru sena besides Bhisma pitamh . Defeated n wounded karn so badly that he had to run . Defeated Chitrasena (Gandharva )who defeated Duryodhana-karn n kuru sena .Killed 1000000 lakhs Gandharvas in a single shot using AGANEY ASTRA . No one had ever achieved this feat . Chitrasena gave him then SAMMOHANA ASTRA.Arjuna defeated almost all gods, demons & Gandharvas much before Kuk war .Arjuna killed Nivatkavacha who was one of the most powerful demon at that time . Arjuna killed Jaydratha who was more powerful then karn in few fields & cuz of his father & Mahdev boonhe cud not be killed by Karn or n many more maharathis .Now pick one by one above of the warriors & u will find that Drupad , Satyaki, Pradyuman had defeated Karna handsomely. I won’t name Bhima n Yudhister . Now see that even after facing defeats twice at hands of Abhimanyu , karn is given mileage . But given by whom ..? Only by fake serials n novelists .But BORI , Vyasa & C. Rajgopalchari works don’t mention karn as greater then Abhimanyu. So why to panic n doubts about the Volour of the great Abhimanyu . I have briefly mentioned all gurus to just show that Karn achievements were nothing but even then blind followers n fake serials have manipulated the whole episode in favour of Karn rather then for Abhimanyu. U shall not fall in doubts . The real n authentic part is not known by most of the people . I have mentioned above feats n defeats of many respectable characters but even they are placed much below to Karn which is injustice & foolishness of blind followers of Karn . And to just clarify the facts with logics I have mentioned karn’ defeats at so many warriors which shows n proves that Abhimanyu’s valor can never be snatched by an ordinary warrior like Karn ( Note:- Karn was great warrior but infront of many warriors I have mentioned above he was not near to them ) or even by his father “Arjuna” the greatest warrior of all times . Thanx.	Abhimanyu is given credits. And compared to Karna, he definetly stands higher unless you are reading abridged versions or watching Mahabharatha in TV serials. I recomend reading BORI Critical Edition for authentic version of Mahabharatha. And also one must consider he was 16 when he died. And Karna had children of his age.	
Does the Bhagavad Gita exist before the Mahabharata	A part of Bhishma Parva named as Bhagwad Gita did not exist before the Mahabharata. However, Knowledge of the Gita was known long before the Mahabharata.Visit:- https://श्रीमद्भागवद्गीताBhagvada Gita is the soul of Vedas, which has been described by Krishna himself - The Root of Vedas and Vedanta.What Krishna had learned through his introspection from his life and sacred text is briefly and collectively described in the Bhagwad Gita.He had described the purpose of our birth, religion, action, soul, goal of human beings etc.Shree Hari…	Knowledge given in Bhagwad Geeta existed .not Bhagwad Geeta itself.Bhagwad Geeta express all vedas and upanishads in simple laymen terms .It exist for masses.	Yes there is a sloka in bg where krishna tells arjuna i first imparted this knowledge to sun god the sun god gave this knowledge to manu manu to iksvaku and since then it has come down in disciplic succession. I think its chapter 4 sloka 1 2 3. So from krishnas comments its clear that bg was already given to sun god first	If by the Bhagavad Gita you mean a text of 700 verses divided into 18 chapters then “No” the Bhagavad Gita could not have existed before the Mahabharata. The idea of a text of 700 verses divided into 18 chapters with colophons or titles being first composed and then later added to the Mahabharata is a self-contradictory anachronistic idea. In fact it’s not hard to show that it’s a self-contradictory anachronistic idea on its own. Versification and especially the chapter divisions of the Gita were clearly added later. If you really look at the text you will see that the verses do not included their speaker. You will see that the later the text the longer the speeches and the less like a dialogue. And you will see that several of the chapter divisions break up a speaker’s speech at times for no discernible reason except perhaps other than to get to the number 18. Similarly the colophons or chapter titles have to come after the chapter divisions and may be seen as the earliest commentary on the text.Look more deeply at the Bhagavad Gita and you will see that in spite of it being a written text, what it consists of basically is some 40 odd speeches which are all there in plain sight in the Mahabharata in the 6th of its 18 books, the Bhishma Parvan. Before the Bhagavad Gita was a text of 700 verses divided into 18 chapters it was a nested set of dialogues between pairs of speakers in the Mahabharata, and the readers of the text who don’t know the spoken context of these speeches are missing the Gita’s deeper meaning.No one has ever offered a plausible account of the Gita’s composition outside of its epic context and there is no reason to think that the Gita didn’t evolve along with the rest of the epic as it was recited again and again. While it’s highly unlikely that we’ll ever be able to get back to an an original oral version of the Gita’s 40 odd speeches or to an original version of its epic context, the speeches are basically what the Gita is made of, and they no doubt will continue to be recited and divided up into sections that people find inspiring. This why we now have a separate Gita text.	The Gita is one chapter of the Mahabharata!	Bhagawad Gita , as such, emanated during Mahabharata war period . However the ideas were already existing. It was rather a summary of wisdom in answer to the questions raised by an inquisitive mind.	
Was Lord Balarama really Duryodhanas Guru	Yes, Balarama had trained him in mace fighting.Kauravas and Yadavas had very old relationship between them. When Balarama left the Krishna after Syamntka Jewels incident and went to Mithila, Duryodhana took the benefit of that moment and he learned every mystery of mace fighting and became expert like Dyutmshena.	Balarama was one of Duryodhana's gurus. Duryodhana, like the other Kuru princes, was trained under Drona during his Gurukul days. Once he got acquainted with Krishna and Balarama, he wanted to get trained under Balarama as the latter was an expert in mace fights. Also, he knew that Krishna sided with the Pandavas. Hence he wanted to side with Balarama and be in his good books. He always had alternate motives before making any liaison.	Both Duryodhana and Bhim learnt mace fighting under Lord Balarama. Duryodhana ‘s skill in mace fighting is better than Bhim who relied on physical strength rather than skill. Hence in that sense Lord Balarama is Guru of Duryodhana	
Who knew about the battle of Chakravyuha	It was known to Achrya Dron, Arjuna But Abhimanyu knew only the part of this skill but did not know how to come out He had learnt it when he was in womb of his mother and Arjuna recited the the tech to reduce the pain of his mother. Unfortunately his mother slept at the time of finishing part of this recital. So he could not hear or learn the tech of returning.	Among those who participated in Kurukshetra war, Drona, Arjuna, Krishna, and Abhimanyu (knew to enter but not exit). Apart from them Pradhyumna also knew but he was not participating in the war.	Everyone fighting in the war.	
How are Jain Mahabharata writers	Jain Texts and datesJain Pandava Puarana was created by Bhattarak Shubhchandra in 1550 AD in area now called Dungarpur-Banswara. He created a lot more texts in varied sciences and literature. He had access to several older texts and collated and preserved the slokas from those incomplete and rare texts which was the main aim.He used the following texts for his Pandava Purana: 1. Jinsena's Harivansha Purana (Jain Harivansha Shvetambara Text) 2. Shvetambara Adi Purana & Uttara Purana 3. Dighambara text Devaprabha Suri's Pandava Charitra (1222 AD, a 8000 verse retelling of vedic Mahabharata) 4. Vadibh singh's Kshatrachudamani (11th century edition).Jinsena Harivansha itself was written in heyday of the Rashtrakuta empire in 782 AD. That text had 8 chapters on Pandavas though focusing on Hari's family. It stated that it was based with slokas copied from older texts including Dwaipayana Rishi's texts going back to Kadamba kingdom. Jinsen listed 23 sources, and when it was published recently, the editors tried to use both the main editions Calcutta and Lahore which are extant for Jain harivansha.Gunabhadracharya 's ancient Jaina Uttara Purana written in 897 AD had a brief description of Pandavas (some 126 pages) among its description of 11 Chakravartis, Nine Narayans, Nine Prati-Narayanas and Nine Balabhadras and indicated that Pandavas were ancient warriors dedicated to the path of truth. Other sources cited are Vishnu Purana and Champubharata.Champu is a genre where the poet mixes Gadya and Padya, aka prose and poetry seemlessly. Champubharata by Anantkavi is one of acclaimed works but not really the best, one would think that  Nannaya Bhattarkudu's Andhra Mahbharatam was more complete but it started in 7th century, resumed work in 11th century and finished in 14th century. Even Champubharata has many editions, i have seen a 370 page edition which is succint and 477 page one which has some extra chapters and verses.Now the Epic Mahabharata is the greatest epic in India. It is one of greatest epics of the Asia where it was transmitted. Each religious group or sect as well as social castes and clans have sought validation and connection to the epic itself. Even Islamic Indonesia converted Dharmaraja to a greatest of sufi saints to walk the fields of Java. Similarly, Ajiviks, Buddhists, Jains used the epic and epic events to lend credibility and credence to their own movements. They have all added to the current story and taken from it to create their own literature and Indian culture has been enriched by this.Lot of Anushasan and shanti parva teachings for example has been modified by Jain and Buddhist teachers along the ages and also these sects with their royal patrons acted as custodians and preservers of the orally transmitted Hindu texts which have come down to us. Occasionally, the fundamental extremists which are bound to occur in any population set have mangled, deleted or modified the texts including their own copies of epic. For example, the calcutta edition of Jain Harivansha says Krishna on moksha went to third hell while Lahore edition states Third heaven is a straight forward example of the sympathies of some editors. There are many more such examples (Bhagwad Purana is one of most mangled such editions) but one should also look at the amount of information and data that has been preserved by these sects and thereby managed to be passed down to us.Also the very fact all these diverse sects would need validation and support from long dead maybe even fictional sons of Pandu validates the existence of those and other epic characters themselves. They have become larger than life and literal representations of human experience and inspiration in the Indian  milieu.Some Short examples of how the epic's characters have been co-opted by other sects. Buddhist comsography is too large to explain but Buddha's previous incarnations include Krishna, Sootsoma, (son of Bhima and Draupadi) as well as Vidur's son not to mention Drupada's uncle Durmukha as well as Brahamdatta of Panchala (either a cousin branch or grandson of Drupada) for example. Vyas was in same generation as Bheeshma, his son Suka and disciple Suta would be co-generational to his brothers Pandu, Vidura and Dhritrashtra and their cousins/relations Drupada etc. Suka's daughter Kirti was co-generational to Pandavas married Panchala King in the line of Neepa. Neepa line was destroyed by Bheeshma leaving only Prishadha so this Panchala king was most likely Drupada's son or Grandson Anuha, father to Brahmadatta,  one of major bodsisattaava in both vedic and buddhist theologies and sankhya yoga as well.Three Jain teerthankars and four Chakravartis are counted among Pandava ancestors. Neminatha, Krishna's cousin is one of the most famous of teerthankars and related to the Pandavas. Bharata was the most famous chakravarti and Krishna and Balbhadra the most famous of Nine Balbhadra-Narayan pairs.Iti samaptam quick foray into the Jain literature.Thanks	
What was Krishna doing and where was he during the 13 years of Pandavas Vanvaas	After delivering the Pandavas from Maha-Bharata War, and seeing that all His plans were fulfilled, Lord Krishna was preparing to leave to Dwarika. For years Duryodhana had tormented Queen Kunti's family, but Krishna had protected them at every turn and now He was going back.At time of farewell ceremony Lord Krishna blessed each & every Pandavas with benediction & finally he asked his aunt Kunti for her desire.Overwhelmed, Kunti devi mother of Pandavas prayed to Lord Krishna from the core of her heart for more trouble’s !Including Krishna everyone in assembly was amazed by her reply/wish.Lord Krishna himself started counting how troublsum her whole life was as she was brought up in Royal family married to Royal prince still suffered :Was gifted with beauty and character;but her husband Pandu, was placed under a curse that prevented him from begetting children.So he renounced the throne and retired with her to the forest.There he died as a result of the curse, and Madri his second wife gave up her life as well by ascending his funeral pyre. That left the five Pandavas in the care of her. This all happened in prime of her youth.Her children when where young where tried to be poisoned.Power-hungry Duryodhana, who wished to ascend the throne in place of Yudhishthira. Driven by uncontrollable jealousy, plotted a plan to burn all alive at Lakshgraha.Her doughter in law Draupadi was abused & insulted in assembly court.Were forced to spend thirteen years in exile in the forest to the great sorrow.Thereafter, attempts of peace proposal failed.To not place her son’s on the throne; to oppose him great warriors from all corners of the earth assembled, setting the scene that turned up to be a devastating world war.In the end many millions of warriors were dead. Only handful survived the massacre.In desperate gesture of revenge, Asvatthama, one of the surviving Kauravas, mercilessly murdered the five sons of Draupadi while they were sleeping. She thus suffered a such a big blow -the loss of her grandchildren.Arrested and dragged by Pandavas' like a bound animal, Asvatthama was let free only by the astounding compassion of Draupadi, who pleaded for his life. But the shameless Asvatthama made one more attempt to kill the last heir of the Pandavas, their unborn grandson in the womb of Uttara, by hurling the supreme brahmastra weapon.After reminding of all her suffering’s Lord Krishna asked why does she desire more suffering ?Now here comes answer to the question-Kunti Devi replied as she was in suffering he Lord Krishna was with her all the time leaving the company of thousands of his Queens.As Kunti approached the Lord's chariot and began to address Him, her immediate purpose was to persuade Him to remain in Hastinapura and protect the Pandava government from reprisals.Kunti Devi prayed -the simple and illuminating outpourings of the soul of a great and saintly woman devotee - reveal both the deepest transcendental emotions of the heart and the most profound philosophical and theological penetrations of the intellect. Her words are words of glorification impelled by a divine love steeped in wisdom:O my Lord... are You leaving us today, though we are completely dependent on Your mercy and have no one else to protect us, now when all kings are at enmity with us? (Srimad-Bhagavatam 1.8.37)My dear Krishna, Your Lordship has protected us from the poisoned cake, from a great fire, from cannibals, from the vicious assembly, from sufferings during our exile in the forest, and from the battle where great generals fought.... I wish that all those calamities would happen again and again so that we could see You again and again, for seeing You means that we will no longer see repeated births and deaths. (Bhag. 1.8.24-25)O Lord of Madhu, as the Ganges forever flows to the sea without hindrance, let my attraction be constantly drawn unto You without being diverted to anyone else. (Bhag. 1.8.42)From this supplication we should not mistakenly conclude that Kunti's prayers were self-serving. Although her sufferings were far greater than those any ordinary person could endure, she does not beg relief. On the contrary, she prays to suffer even more, for she reasons that her suffering will increase her devotion to the Lord and bring her ultimate liberation:Kunti's spontaneous glorification of Lord Krishna and her description of the spiritual path are immortalized in the Mahabharata and the Bhagavata Purana (Srimad-Bhagavatam), and they have been recited, chanted, and sung by sages and philosophers for thousands of years.Hare Kishna.Image courtesy: Krishna.com | All About KrishnaEdit: Received an comment that question had not been answered.On which my reply is primarly Mahabharat is an philosophical presentation its not just an history book.‎Though historian & preacher answer will differ. As one will just focus on dates & events while other will present teaching's.‎ Questioner should be open to accept both.Concluding: ‘Krishna is always with his devotees’.	Shri Krishna was in Dwarka. There are many pastimes that took place during this time and those can be found in the second half of the Tenth canto of Srimad Bhagavatam. Those were not related to the Pandavas most of the time, since the Pandavas were in exile. One great pastime related to the Pandavas was the one when Durvasa came to Yudhishthira along with his 1000 disciples to have lunch. Even when the Pandavas were in vanavasa , Lord Shri Krishna was always taking care of them . The reason why someone asked the question seems to be the misconception that pastimes of Lord Shri Krishna are found only in the Mahabharata. The actual record of Shri Krishna’s pastimes is found in Srimad Bhagavatam. Anyone who has that understanding will not ask the question.	Lord Krishna had an important task in those 13 years. He was tasked to protect the heir of Yudhistar. It was unanimously agreed between the Pandavas that Abhimanyu would be the heir apparent of Yudhistar whenever he will ascend the throne of Hastinapura.Krishna had the important duty to groom and keep Abhimanyu safe from the vested interests of Hastinapura who wanted the defeat of the Pandavas.	Krishna was taking care of shubhadra and abhimanue in dwarka at that time.	He was ruling over Dwarika along with Yadavas but also had a close eye on movements of Pandavas. It is during this Vanvasa Pandavas and Krishna met sage Markandeya also known as the 8th Chiranjeevin. The learned sage extolled Lord Krishna as human form of Adi Narayana. This is what we know as Markandeyopakhyana in Mahabharata.	
What were the key differences in the personality and thought process of Karna and Arjuna	Arjuna was pure by heart but karna was jealous of arjuna Arjuna never thought karna as a sole enemy and concentrated only on him as his only job but karna was focused on defeating Arjuna rather than preserving Dharma. He Learnt his art only to defeat Arjuna but Anjana learnt his art through passion karna was a follower of Duryodhana he followed anything said by Duryodhana but Arjuna was not like that Arjuna asked many doubts to Krishna to follow his words that's why we got Bhagavad Gita	
How do you justify the use of metallic weapons crowns armors etc in the Ramayana and the Mahabharata since they date back to the Stone Age	I don’t know exact reasons behind this but in my opinion-There are four Eras in Hinduism -SatayugTretayugaDvaparyugKalyugAnd above three eras been ruled by eighter Gods or sinless human beings.And last era kalyuga ruled by humans now. It is created after end of above three eras.So ,entity of humans is newly created in kalyuga ,and Stone Age belongs to kalyuga.And whatever happened in holy Ramayana and Mahabharat is happened before kalyuga.So ,it is possible that they had metallic weapons ,crowns etc.	Ramayana and Mahabharata were developed mainly in Ganges valley, even if not, they have extensive references to Ganga in the stories.And, in Iron age, not stone age. Read on.Remember the lost river Saraswati? Vedic civilization thrived on its banks. Most ancient hindu scriptures like the Vedas and Upanishadas has innumerable mentions of this river. Although we cannot prove it from evidence, we know about the abandoned settlements on the Indus valley, roughly part of the same stretch of land covering a large portion of north-west India. Why and to where all those people and their legacy gone?Today we know that the “Aryan invasion theory” is hoax, and their departure is attributed to a climate change, saraswati dried up and people scattered to inland India. Some of them eventually satellited on Ganga valley.The story of Iron age in India start here.The Ganges valley is one of the most fertile areas. Indus valley settlements at that age indicates that they were dependent on agriculture. Now question arises didn’t know that the banks of Ganges are more fertile than in Indus valley area? Yet, what forced them not to migrate to Ganges valley already, instead of waiting for a devastating climate change?The answer is Iron. Inland India was covered with dense forest. According to historian D D Kosambi, there is no way you can clear such forest without iron tools. Indus people had to wait till Iron was discovered and technology to extract it get easily available.	Lord ram himself was vishnu awtar. It was not a stone age All the god posses divy shakti, divy drishti. God can fly using divine power called divy shakti and can look anywhere in universe using divy drishti. Before start of kaliyug there are many stories where we may know about using these power.	
Which of the brothers did the Yudhisthira choose to be alive	If you are referring to incident when Dharma tests Yudhisthira as a yaksha , poisoning drinking water which killed ( temporarily ) his brothers , then the brother he chose to b alive was Nakul. The reason was it was only fair to have a living son from the other wife of Pandu ( Nakul was Madri ‘s son who was second wife of Pandu)	
Did Duryodhana meet Kunti before the Great War If yes what was the conversation between them	Thanks for A2AThis has never been clearly stated as much as I’ve read so far, she mostly remained detached from the Kuru family due to their unwelcome attitude towards her & her children.Think of that widow woman whose blind brother-in-law Dhritrashtra though a regent, clings to the throne rightfully belonging to Pandu her husband and thereafter her son Yudhishtira.His blindfolded wife Gaandhari feels insecure for her children, unable to see the hatred they are being fed for their five cousins Pandavas (Kunti’s children) by their own maternal uncle Shakuni.Such events leading to conflicts in the Kuru household ever since she returned with her 5 children, they were humiliated. Moreover, Bhima was even poisoned, they were tricked to be burnt in a palace made of lac and attempted disrobing of her daughter-in-law Draupadi.She just stayed there because a widow of a dead King must stay in his family home. Customs bound her. So, she kept herself to the company of the family mentor Vidur the only voice of reason, moreover, he was Yama reborn so he was also biological father to Kunti’s first child that way.So, there doesn’t seem to be any conversation between Duryodhana and Kunti, if there will be any what do you think it could be about?Think of a boy whose father is blind & mother blind-folded, he is raised that way when he is not seen by them. What values do you think could he inculcate? And how will he communicate with the neglected least important widow mother of his 5 rival cousins whom he begrudges and hates as enemies to the extent of killing them not negotiating to share what rightfully have always belonged to them?What words of Kunti would ever suffice such an insecure unseen child who although has his 99 brothers but still can’t include his 5 cousins? With whom even Krishna couldn’t negotiate.Think about it !!	
What disservice the Mahabharat War has done to India	The Mahabharata War created Fatal Hatred and Animosity between The Cousins of The Same Royal Family (Kauravas and Pandavas) who had a Common Ancestry and Lineage and they were in The Conquest for Power and Kingdom which in turn led to Bloodshed and Loss of Lives of both Warriors (Princes, Kings, Ministers, Commanders, Soldiers, etc) and also of Animals (like Horses, Elephants etc) .All The Rules, Principles and Ethics of Warfare and Fair Mindedness, Justice and Dharma were broken towards The End of The Mahabharata War with Impunity and it Resulted in Spite, Vengeance and Jealousy, so everybody tried to Kill another somehow by deceit and unacceptable, wrongful methods and techniques.A Hundred Sons of ‘Gandhari’ with their Future progeny and relatives perished and in her anguish ‘Gandhari’ cursed Lord Krishna’s clan also to be wiped out in a similar infighting between brothers of the same family.Great Warriors like ‘Gangaputra Bhishma’, ‘Dronacharya’, Karna, ‘Abhimanyu’, and also ‘Duryodhana’ had to be Killed by Foul and unconventional methods. Several vows had to be fulfilled and many curses and boons also came into effect during and after The War commenced.Many families lost their brethren, husbands and Fathers and Women were widowed and Children became orphaned (without their Fathers and Breadwinners) many of them had to endure sufferings & hardships later on.The War was a Historic and Colossal Human Tragedy at that point of Time and ravaged many families for several generations with the wailing and curses of citizens of The Kingdom who had lost their near and dear ones.The Battle was so severe that Thousands lay dead upon The Battlefield and Rivers of Blood flew simultaneously with The Tumultuous eating of Flesh of the slain warriors by Wild animals like Jackals, Hyenas, Vultures and other scavengers and Carrion eating animals.So from the killings and The War perspective which were not required at all in The First place - ‘The Kauravas’ had to make Peace with ‘The Pandavas’ by offering at least One Village as a Tiny Kingdom to All of the ‘5 Pandavas’ combined together as a compensation and The War could have been avoided.This Agreement of Truce was also Rejected by ‘Duryodhana’ and he vowed that he would not even part with a tiny piece of land which would be of the size of the Tip of a needle as long as he was alive !Hence The Mahabharata War became a Fiercely Fought War and it Resulted in Great Carnage and untold misery and changed India’s History completely.	Mahabharta War was a cleansing operation of Nature. Cleansing does no disservice. Apparently, many things are relocated, many things are destroyed, but that is required. The epic Mahbharata tells us only the stylized story of that cleansing operation.In Mahabharata every actor (perhaps leaving Krishna aside) is a captive of contradictions. Let us take them one by one.Shantanu - a nice man and a good king. He falls in the contradiction of loving Ganga and the bondage on account of his promise to her. Suffers killing of his seven sons by Ganga. At last, he dares to come out of the contradiction and loses his wife (forever) and the son (for many long years). Lives a lonely life for over a decade after which Devabrata is returned to him. He feels relaxation. Tell me, what is unnatural if he becomes infatuated by the beauty of a fisherman’s daughter once he felt relaxed after anointing Devabrata as a Crown Prince? Consider his entire life since Ganga threw their first son in the river. Could he ever love Ganga whole-heartedly? Since then, his life was only a suffering and murder of his sons recurring. But, no. After being attracted by the Fisherwoman, he is pulled into another vortice - Devabrata takes the vow of celibacy, becomes Bhishma, and that, too, without his permission. Analyse Shantanu psychologically. Whatever he loves turns out to a pain in the … . He dies leaving young babes behind, who are at the cost of his Devabrata and a little comfort that he gets after anointing Devabrata as a crowned prince only for a while.Bhishma: An extremely capable man but chained by his vows. He understands everything and can do anything, if permitted by his vows. A capable man in chains. There is no need to reiterate on him.Dhritarashtra: The conventionally rightful heir of the Kuru throne, but de-capacitated by his blindness. Analyse him psychologically. He could have managed easily with the help of Bhishma, as he did after the death of Pandu. But it was given to him in the manner that he never considered himself as the King. He remained only a representative of the King Pandu. What if you have to manage a Department life long as not the head, but head-in-charge? Who you are waiting for?Gandhari: She could have been the eyes of Dhritarashtra, but she de-capacitated herself by putting a blindfold on her eyes. A wrong notion of being a follower of her blind husband. It is heavily emotionally loaded making her politically unfit to be a queen. A queen is not only a wife, she has political roles also. She cuts a very sorry figure on that account. Chained by the wrong notion of allegiance to her husband, she allows her children to grow under the influence of Shakuni - knowing too well what Shakuni was doing. Parents are the greatest enemies of the children if they (parents) cannot discipline and educate their children properly. Dhritarashtra and Gandhari were poor parents.Kunti: Extremely deep woman. Nurtures the desire to see her sons in the throne, but has tremendous patience. She knew the meaning of all tactics that a queen mother should know. Even ready to sacrifice Draupadi’s self-respect, forces her to marry all her five sons, just to keep unity and ensure the support of Drupada coming to all her five sons jointly.Drupada and Draupadi: Ready to sacrifice everything to succeed in pursuing their ultimate goal - killing Drona.Drona: A very capable man, understands everything, but sells himself for the welfare of Ashwatthama, his son. Enmity with uncompromising Drupada forces him (Drona) to take shelter of Bhishma. With Bhishma as his supporter, he was beyond the might of Drupada. Yes, he was a great warrior himself, but the support of Bhishma gave him a Royal army behind him to bank upon in need. Do you think that if Drupada attacked Drona, Bhishma could have kept quiet? Thus, Drona made his fort - with Bhishma, his large army, his grand children (Pandavas and Kauravas) against which Drupada was not to be reckoned with.Kripa: A wise man, a great warrior. Brought up in the Kuru family, a friend of Bhishma, brother-in-law of Drona. He understood everything but he could not have gone against the stream.Shalya: A great warrior. Maternal uncle of the Pandavas and loving them so much. But he had been inimical to Krishna (he was in allegiance with Rukmi, Shishupal and Jarasandha who were the archenemies of Krishna). Could he ever join the Pandava army while Krishna was there to lead the Pandavas? He got an excuse to join the Kaurava army, but remained divided between his love for Pandavas and hate to Krishna.Vidura: He was the prime minister, loved Bhishma extremely, considered Pandavas the true heirs of the Kuru throne, but he had to be loyal to his duties as a prime minister. Resting on the bed of thorns.Karna: A valiant warrior, a more simple hearted man often driven by emotions. He had survived many emotional turmoils - debarred by Drona on the caste principle, cursed by Parashurama, belittled by Bhishma, always addressed as sutaputra, even humiliated by Shakuni, burning with hatred for Arjuna, disliking the stratagem of Shakuni and Duryodhana and yet compromising to them under the emotional tie of friendship, ultimately de-shielding himself in many ways - a man knowing his predicaments.Yudhishthira: Perhaps the best among politicians, only surpassed by Vidura and Krishna. A cunning man, having all desires hidden under the ideals of Satya, Dharma, Shanti, etc. See him how he explodes on Arjuna when the latter returns without killing Karna (who injured him badly in the battle). Always blackmailing his brothers on the pretext of becoming a beggar, going to the forest, etc. Ultimately, Krishna brought his inner self out and made him speak a lie to kill Drona. He never discouraged Krishna and Arjuna to kill Bhishma in the chains of his promises and vows. A man who could stake Draupadi in the game of dice cannot be a righteous man; didn’t he know the meaning of his actions? Was he well within his Dharama? Lastly, he sheds crocodile tears when he knows that Karna was his brother and curses womanhood. What a hypocrite!This is sufficient to bring my point home.Krishna saw to it that these contradictions are cleared. He re-established that social welfare, social upliftment is the top Dharma and every other moral precept is subservient to it. Moral precepts assume their meaning and worth only in the context of social well-being. Any moral principle is trash if it injures social well-being (not an individual’s well-being). This was the fall out of Mahabharata	It has done no disservice but cleared the earth from wronful arrogant and bad kshatriyas . It gave us gita which is a boon to mankind as it contain methods for healthy living and blissful content life . It is the story of masses normal everday people etc. It also teaches us statemanship and good goverance form bhisma.	That's so obnoxious question!!! The Hindu Epic never did any disservice to India or Humanity instead it served as the guide to righteousness. The epic had twisted plots almost everywhere, but the right understanding of the epic makes us feel it ‘wowness’ and appreciate the brilliance of Lord Krishna.We've Lord Krishna who takes strangest actions and decisions making us questions as why did he do so. But in the end we find that every decision that he made had some impact over the right Dharma or the righteousness. Throughout the entire Mahabharatha, every character and the story has got a uniqueness and every situation or every reciting and action of Lord Krishna meant how the world actually should be, this applies even today!!!!!Hence, Mahabharatha is one epic that contributed a lot not jus to India or the world, but it did a lot to Humanity.. To lead the right path of Righteousness!!!	
Who destroyed the ancient knowledge of India after the Mahabharata to the Maurya Empire period	I am far too I'll equipped to be answering this but I will try to the best of my knowledge. The end of Mahabharat marked the beginning of the dark ages. As per some local legends, Lord Krishna knew that the age of divinity was about to end and the age of man will be corrupted to the very essence, thus the great war was also a means to kill countless warriors who possessed the divine knowledge of WMDs like bramhastra and other divine weapons. Many divine clans fought in the great war from both sides and almost all of their lines were ended. Seeing the dark age draw closer, there were events to hide that knowledge of divinity from mankind and thus reducing it all to a mere myth so that no one even attempts to seek what now lies hidden. We have seen what mankind is capable of when we amass powers, now imagine that on the scale of divine weapons, let alone a nuke. Thus the frontal lobe of Ashwathama was ripped off so that he cannot remember the divine knowledge of summoning a weapon and as he was cursed with immortality, his HDD was wiped clean. This is not the answer you sought but I wanted to share.Thanks.	Who destroyed the ancient knowledge of India after the Mahabharata to the Maurya Empire period?The Indo Aryans.The Indo Aryans invaded the Indus Valley civilization which was beginning to decay.The next phase of urbanisation was much later ie around the time of the Mahajanapadas.In the interregnum it was a pastoral society.So if anyone destroyed anything it was the Indo Aryans.Also when you make a claim, you need to substantiate.On what basis do you say someone destroyed something.No Proof ?	According to the book, Mahabharata Itself was the destroyer of the knowledge.According to the book itself only old men ,small children or disabled men and women were left in all the kingdoms , rest went to fight in the Mahabharata war.Whole kingdoms got destroyed.Situation became so dire that eventually remaining population was encouraged to do polygamy to just sustain the population. The only one who were left unscathed were Yadavs whose narayani sena got destroyed .But then according to the same book yadav civil war led to total destruction of the clan and only stories remained.	
The Bhagavad Gita is the ultimate knowledge imparted by Lord Krishna to Arjuna so why do people not take the literal meaning and rather interpret it in other ways just to suit their interests	As many minds that many gita. Human is different type of creation of lord,they just remember of society rules etc. They are immerse in their own world. They have no time for better understanding of bhagwad geeta whose message is simple that parivartan is sansar ka niyam hain and life and death are inevitable part of it. They just dont understand the essence of it and manipulate the gita as they visualize it to their ideology as hitler found his idea matched in bhagwad geeta.Geeta is the pure essence of god teaching to human and solutions of every problem faced by humans. It was lord krishna was in his parma roop and transquintal. But arjuna forgot the teachings of lord during the war and clinged to fears and expectation and humanly bondage .	No body is going to listen to Bhagavad Gita in a battle field . Bhagavad Gita was introduced in Mahabharata story so that people will listen to it along with the story . In Mahabharata time the Kawravas never believed Lord Krishna was God . Even when Lord krishna showed his vishwarupam in the kings court during his peace mission Duryodana was saying it is a magicians trick .Hinduism was teaching too much care and kindness for the fellow beings it was not fit for fighting invaders who had no care for human life . A logic was required for taking away a human life and that was given .In Ramayana even Lord Rama had to do special prayers to Lord Shiva to keep the sin of killing King Ravana in abeyance . In Mahabharata Lord Krishna is telling Arjuna to kill his teacher Dronacharya who had to side with the ruling king only . It was only a family fight over kingdom . Both side had their logic to rule . Only God gave the punishment to Kawravas since they disrobed Drowpathy wife of Pandavas and cousin of Lord Krishna .It would have been better if the Bhagavad Geetha was told in any other scenario.	Hindu scripture has been interpreted according to the context and not literally. Sometimes literal meaning can make no sense.Let us look at Gita 9.32.'O son of Pritha! Taking refuge in Me, women, Vaisyas, Sudras and likewise men who are of [papayoni] socially handicapped birth, attain to the highest spiritual goal.’Gita 9.32Gita does not consider women and sudras to be incapable of attaining moksha unlike the Hinduism of the time. Gita in fact is stating the complete opposite. It is telling all people, which most probably includes Arjuna, who do look down upon women and sudras that women and sudras are also capable of the highest spiritual goal. Gita 9.32 is a message of hope and equality.Let me point out here a shloka from Vivekacudamani that supports my point.The man who, having by some means obtained a human birth, with a male body and mastery of the Vedas to boot, is foolish enough not to exert himself for self-liberation, verily commits suicide, for he kills himself by clinging to things unreal.Vivekcudamani 4Vedism and much later even Vedanta thought that women cannot attain moksha. A male body is necessary for moksha. Gita is opposing that thought and saying that women can attain moksha. How can you interpret literally papayoni as sinful womb given that Gita is opposing the prevalent Hindu thought? If the word papayoni really means sinful womb then the most logical consequence would be that women being of sinful wombs cannot obtain moksha. Moreover all men born of women with sinful wombs would also be sinful. Gita 9.32 would look like complete nonsense.The word papayoni has thus to be interpreted as socially oppressed in the context in which it appears.Why does it mean socially oppressed? The reason is as the Vivekcudamuni shloka shows that society looked down upon women and shudras. Gita's position is diamterically opposite. I can't see how anyone can accuse Gita of sexism when it opens the door to moksha to women in defiance of societal opinion.I would like to say a little bit about interpretation of Hindu scripture. It is generally held in the interpretation of Hindu scripture that context matters. One cannot just literally translate a term. One has to show that the translation makes sense in the context. I am giving the example of Prana in Brahma Sutra. Prana usually means vital force. However in some context the usual meaning is incorrect and one has to interpret Prana as Brahman.On that very ground, Prana (is Brahman).....Just as in the use, “The father of the father”, it is clear that the grandfather who is indicated by the nominative case is different from the one indicated by the sixth case (with of); so also in “the Vital force of the vital force” it becomes apparent from the difference in words, that some Vital force, different from the familiar one, is referred to; for the very same thing cannot be indicated to be different from itself by saying: “He is his”. Moreover, it is to be understood (from the context) that if something is referred to by a different word in its own context, it must be itself alone that is thus spoken of.Brahma Sutra Bhasya of Sri Sankaracharya I.i.23In the case of Gita 9.32 the most striking thing is Gita’s assertion that women, Shudras etc will also attain moksha. This is striking because it is fairly certain that this was not the popular Hindu view. So given this context it is difficult to interpret papayoni literally given that Gita rejects the popular position that women, Shudras etc would not attain moksha. Only an insane author would say that sinners by birth would attain moksha. So the only way to make sense of the Gita verse is to use Shankara’s advice of interpreting a word according to the context. In the case of Gita 9.32 this pretty much forces us to interpret papayoni as socially oppressed.	Whatever known, experienced by senses, imagined or to be ever thought about in this world is all God's ( Krishna's) communication. But can anyone claim ( and should indeed claim) that he has fully followed the Lord? Valmeeki of Tulsidas tells Ram -राम स्वरूप तुम्हार, वचन अगोचर बुद्धि परअविगत अकथ अपार, नेति नेति नित निगम कह । अयोध्याकांडIt means that Ram, no one can ever describe and discern your proper form because it is inexplicable and transcends all intellect. It will continue to be an unknown mystery as it has been inexplicable ever since being so infinite. Vedas therefore rightly term all explations in this respect to be inadequate - नेति, नेति - It is just not Him, It is not Him and so on.We are indeed lucky that there are so many commentaries of the Gita available for us to try to go deeper into what Krishna was saying. It at least places us in the wave length of the great conversation to feel blessed for ever!	Good Question..!Have you ever readed preface of Gita which itself says that Gita is Essence of (all) Vedas, therefore whatever is being taught in Bhagvat Gita is deeply rooted in the Vedas itself.Vedas are like Fruits and Bhagvat Gita is Juice of that Fruits, without Fruits (Vedas) one cannot Obtain it's Juice(teaching of Gita).Another Example can be in Science Classes especially physics and Chemistry certain Activities and Experiment is carried out by students and then At last Conclusion of that Activity/Experiment is derived. Because if we directly Jump to the Conclusion we fail to Realise the aim of the Activities, Learning from the Activities and Experiments.Similarly, Bhagvat Gita should be Studied under the Light of Vedas or under Guidance of any Bonafied Guru/Aacharya. Without Knowing or Learning Vedas if we Try to Understand Bhagvat Gita it would be just Book of Balancing Life and like other motivational Books.So in order to keep Spirituality and Dignity of Bhagvat Gita intact, We should know that Vedas are the Base(Root) of Gita.Ofcourse, Devotionally one may take literal meaning but it should only for their “own” way towards Realisation.Thanks.:)	This is a private conversation between a Guru and Disciple. Suppose if you hear my conversation with my friend you may get something out of it but not the whole thing. So there is no literal meaning it will always vary person to person. Even they were so close friends still it took 18 chapters to make him understand and even God himself have to appear in front of him. Still no enlightenment has happened as he fraught and even done the most horrible thing that is killing his own people. So don’t make false assumption.	
How many of the people did Lord Krishna kill and who are they	He killed kalyavan,murara,narkasura,kamsa,sisupal,dantavakra,cut the hands of banasur ,indirectly killed jarasandha,duryodhana karna sidhuraj ,cursed aswadhama to immortality,deceitfully killed drona and bhisma.Childhood he killed kamsa henchmen :- putna ,bakasura etc.	
Why did Dronacharya like Arjuna the most	Being a teacher myself, I know exactly why Drona loved Arjun.Ofcourse I took a break now to continue with my post PhD work. But I have enough experience to analyse and answer this question.I had many students.. Primarily we ,teachers would be able to assess three types of students.The best..who will always score well ,attentive in the class,does the homework without fail and above all they are devoted to teachers..and respect them. First and foremost they have the ability to improvise.They will have creative skills and could write the answers on their own improvising what we gave them in material.Second type of students..perform well but need more time to grasp the subject. Work hard..They don’t have original skills. They could reproduce what we offer them.Third type of students are average students who just could get through the exam with so much effort both on part of them and the teacher. Forget about creativity,they won’t even understand the essence of the lessons.Drona when took up the mantle of the preceptor Of Kauravas and Pandavas must have observed the following traits in Arjun that he couldn’t perceive in others.Devotion towards teacher.Basic requisite for any student to prosper in life. Unless you have devotion you won’t be able to believe what the teacher is imparting by means of knowledge. Arjun’s implicit devotion for Drona made him achieve success. On the very first day he won Drona’s heart by promising to offer whatever Gurudakshina he demanded.And noteworthy to say he kept his promise by capturing Drupada. Drona loved him for his unwavering devotion.Dedication and focus towards learningAdi Parva tells us though instruction was same to every desciple Arjuna excelled in every way. The verse particularly opposes the theory that Drona was partial to Arjuna. In a class many students sit together but only that student surpasses others with his worth. Arjun is that student to Drona and Drona loved him for his focus .Thinking beyond the teaching impartedDrona did not ask Arjuna to use both the hands in archery. Arjuna practiced..and achieved ambidextrous skills. He was Savyasachi who could shoot arrows with same kind of prowess. Again showed why he was different from others.Obviously Drona loved him for his ability to think beyond ..his teachings.Quest for knowledgeAswathama was given a big mouthed vessel and others small mouthed vessels. Drona used to impart secrets of archery to his son only taking this opportunity. Arjuna whose quest for learning new things made him fill up the vessel with Varunastra, learnt everything that Aswathama did. Ofcourse Drona loved this zeal towards archery and loved him more and more.Observation,application and implementationArjuna observed that he could eat the same way when the light blew off. He observed the fact and he applied it to archery.Not only that Arjun immediately implemented what he observed . He practiced at night and got the skill to shoot in darkness. Drona was spellbound and understood how lucky he is to get such an exemplary student. Ofcourse Drona loved him for his keen observation,application and implementation.Bird target..Exam passed with distinctionWhen Arjuna said he could see only the eye of the bird,Drona couldn’t suppress his happiness. He knew now he is not wrong in acknowledging Arjun as his best student. I can identify with him since I felt the same way when the best student of my class passed with distinction. Drona loved him for meeting with his expectations.Presence Of mindWhen Drona was caught in water by crocodile only Arjuna did what should be done immediately. He proved his presence of mind by shooting the crocodile. He practically demonstrated what he learnt from his teacher. Theory only can not make a student reach the heights of success. Drona loved him for exhibiting his skill at such a crucial moment .Every teacher will expect all these traits in his best student. Drona was no exception. Arjuna lived up to his expectation . Infact he stood far above the reach of even those expectations of Drona.Basically all the teachers ( including me) wait for that exemplary student who willlearn,improvise,innovate,add his creativity,demonstrate and perform exceptionally in any situation.Though Arjuna learnt Astra Vidya from others like Kripa,Agnivesha,Gods ,Krishna and Siva he was always identified as Dron Sishya Arjun. What more do a teacher want?So Drona’s love for Arjuna was more than justified.	Dronacharya did not like anyone other than his own son Ashwathama. He did everything for him only. Just to get revenge from Drupad he went to Hastinapur and with permission of king and support of Bhishma he started his school in association with Kripacharya who was his brother in law. Dronacharya was primarily assigned to teach Kauravas and Pandavas or say all Kuru princess but slowly princess from all over India and even other warriors started coming there. Those were granted permission on basis of friendship and many due to necessity. Not only princess but many key warriors or sons of officials or nearer to Dhritrashtra got admission in his school. Here one name was of Karna too but TV has not shown that part. However even he was student of Drona in that phase.Then the valorous Drona taught Pandu’s sons the use of many weapons, human and divine.O bull among the Bharata lineage! Other princes also came to Drona, supreme amongBrahmanas, to learn the use of arms—the Vrishnis, the Andhakas, kings from many countries and Radheya,the son of the suta. They made Drona their preceptor. The suta’s son was envious of Partha and always competed with him. With Duryodhana’s support, he showed his contempt for the Pandavas.Now, Dronacharya was biased towards his son and tried to teach him separately. In order to get it done, he used to send all his students to fetch water , keep them busy in games and other work in the school. But Arjuna was very smart and his desire to attain Knowledge was supreme. He used to avoid playing and even get all jobs done in time and return to Drona and still learn. Initially Drona denied but he won his affection by his hard work. Drona was really smart teacher and I regard him first professional teacher in real sense. He knew to identify talent and also one who could use it sensibly.Drona even ordered that Arjuna should not be given food at night or in dark. Reason was he feared that he might learn art of fighting at night and should be helpless in dark. But Again one day when winds blew the lamps Arjuna observed that if one is hungry hand reaches mouth automatically, so he could also hit the target if he tries. He then practiced and learnt archery in dark. Drona was amazed and finally decided to teach him and make him the best.Arjuna was first to give him promise and he was the only one who had heart to do itDelighted, that great archer accepted the Kouravas as his disciples.Having accepted them, Drona called all of them together and told them privately, when they were seated at his feet, “O unblemished ones! There is a special task in my heart. You must promise me that you will give it to me when you have become skilled in the use of arms.” O lord! When they heard him, the Kouravas remained silent. But Arjuna, the scorcher of enemies, gave him a complete promise and he then inhaled the scent of Arjuna’s foreheadrepeatedly, embracing him delightedly and shedding tears of joy.Vaishampayana said, ‘Arjuna took a great deal of care in worshipping his preceptor and showed the greatest devotion in learning the art of weapons. He became a great favourite ofDrona’s. Drona summoned the cook and told him secretly, “Never give Arjuna any food when it is dark.” One day, when Arjuna was eating, a wind arose and blew out the lamp and its light. Arjuna continued to eat in the dark, his hand moving to his mouth from force of habit.The Pandava then began to practise in the night. O descendant of the Bharata lineage! Drona heard the twang of his bowstring and came to him and embraced him. He said, “I promiseyou that I will do my utmost to ensure that you are the best archer in this world and there is no one equal to youSo, It was Arjuna who gave him promise first that he will get him whatever he will ask for. A special task of a person who himself can beat gods and any warrior cannot be small. Everyone was silent only Arjuna spoke. Not even intelligent yudhishthir had that guts or Duryodhana. Drona gave him promise when he overcame all roadblocks and withdrew special attention from Ashwathama.Arjuna used to serve Drona a lot and always followed him relentlessly. He was more devoted to him than other students. Other incident is where Drona takes Bird eye test and only Arjuna gives the right answer. Finally he takes other test where a artificial crocodile catches Drona in river while bathing and only Arjuna rushes to save him with fast pace. Seeing his dedication for his mentor and his presence of mind , Drona awarded him with Brahmshira as a superior weapon.Arjuna again won his heart when he captured Drupad for him and fulfilled the Guru dakshina challenge. That is mentioned in KMG, However BORI mentions all students doing it together but in other Parvas of BORI it is given that Arjuna was the main guy who captured Drupad.Arjuna loved his teacher a lot and it was one of the reasons he relented to fight him in Kurukshetra war. He was so attached that he also was mellow on Ashwhtama and kept on leaving him in battlefield so many times that Krishan had to remind him that he was enemy , not just son of his teacher. Arjuna also deeply loved kripa and when he had to hit him with arrows and Kripa fainted on chariot, Arjuna started crying. Now, tell me why would Drona not love such a student who even when Drona did not protect Draupadi and was also fighting against him, still loved them?Drona treated Arjuna as his son and was proud of him. Arjuna fulfilled his desire to bring down Drupad which was burning him for years. Also, other aspect of his relationship was that even though Arjuna learned from teacher of Drona later, also from gods and even lord shiva and krishna , he proudly identified himself as student of Drona. Such kind of special place he gave to someone. All such things pleased Drona. He became so well versed in all kind of weapons.However, Dhananjaya was the best in fighting with every weapon. The Pandava was famous on earth, right up to the frontiers of the ocean, for his intelligence, perseverance, strength and enterprise in all weapons. He was thus the foremost among all warriors. Arjuna was special, not just in his knowledge of weapons, butalso in his devotion to his preceptor, though the instructions were the same for everyone.Alone among all the princes, Arjuna became an atiratha.SourceBORI CE as translated by bibek debroy	Cause Arjuna proved himself time and again with this attitude, hardwork, dedication. A few of them are mentioned below :Just after Drona accepts the Kuru family kids as students he says that he has a special task in mind, only Arjuna promises to accomplish it without knowing what it wasDrona, when asking students to fetch water from the river, gives them pots with narrower mouths which would take more time to fill and teach Ashwathamma more. Arjuna realises this uses the Varuna weapon to fill the pots and comes back in the same time as AshwathammaPractices in the darkJumps into the water to save Drona (and does so) from the crocodile when others stood still and gets blessed with a Bramha weapon in return. Turned out this was a test.Karna was a student of Drona, he was always jealous of Arjuna and sided with Duryodhana “Then Drona endued with great prowess taught the sons of Pandu (the use of) many weapons both celestial and human. And, O bull of the Bharata race, many other princes also flocked to that best of Brahmanas for instruction in arms. The Vrishnis and the Andhakas, and princes from various lands, and the (adopted) son of Radha of the Sutacaste, (Karna), all became pupils of Drona. But of them all, the Suta child Karna, from jealousy, frequently defied Arjuna, and supported by Duryodhana, used to disregard the Pandavas”And this part which talks of why he left Drona “ Beholding that Dhananjaya was superior to every one in the science of weapons, Karna. one day approached Drona in private and said these words unto him, 'I desire to be acquainted with the Brahma weapon, with all its mantras and the power of withdrawing it, for I desire to fight Arjuna. Without doubt, the affection thou bearest to every one of thy pupils is equal to what thou bearest to thy own son. I pray that all the masters of the science of weapons may, through thy grace, regard me as one accomplished in weapons!' Thus addressed by him, Drona, from partiality for Phalguna, as also from his knowledge of the wickedness of Karna, said, 'None but a Brahmana, who has duly observed all vows, should be acquainted with the Brahma weapon, or a Kshatriya that has practised austere penances, and no other.”Also do note that Karna was much elder to Arjuna at the time of their tutoringNo wonder you would like such a student.Source : Sacred Texts, KMG translation	Because Arjuna kept surprising him.First, when Drona asked his students to make a promise to him without telling what the promise was, sort of like signing a blank cheque, none, not even the mighty Bheema and Duryodhan or the righteous Yudhishtir came forward. It was only Arjuna who was relatively younger who promised him at once. Such single minded determination would've impressed Drona early on.At the beginning it was not Arjuna but his own son Ashwatthama who was favored by Drona. Before their instructions began all students had to fill water pots and bring them to the gurukul. Drona gave his son Ashwatthama a pot with wider neck so that his pot was filled faster and he could have some extra moments to learn from his father. Arjuna noticed this and started using varunastra to fill his own pot faster and reach Drona at the same time as Ashwatthama. Such thirst for knowledge and enthusiasm to learn would please any guru.Later, Drona ordered the servants in gurukul to never let Arjuna eat in the Dark, but one time the lamps were blown by accident and Arjuna observed that he could still eat in the dark because his hands knew by instinct where his mouth was. He applied the same logic to archery and began to practice at night. Drona heard the sound of arrows and saw Arjuna who explained everything to him. Drona was so pleased by his student's intelligence and dedication that he promised to make Arjuna the greatest warrior in Aryavarta.There is no story about it but Drona must've been similarly pleased when Arjuna learnt to shoot equally well with both hands. No other warrior is referred as Savyasachi in Mahabharata so this was clearly a special skill.Arjuna also saved Drona's life from a crocodile. Later on it turned out to be a test.Then there's the very famous Bird eye story.So it would be wrong to conclude that Arjuna was Drona's favorite because he was a prince or because Bhishma or anyone else urged Drona to make Arjuna his favorite. Inside his Ashram, the Guru Grama, Drona had complete autonomy and whatever preference or love was shown to Arjuna by Drona was very much EARNED and not GRANTED.While all the great Karna did in his gurukul days was being jealous and trying to outdo Arjuna. Perhaps if he had focused on his own skills he too could've earned Drona's admiration.	That's because Karna was never his student. Arjun was his student. So, obviously, he liked Arjun more.If your question is about why he chose Arjun as his student, and not Karna, then it's because Drona had a contract with Dhritrashtra, that he would teach only the princes of Hastinapur and no one else. Since Karna wasn't a prince of Hastinapur, he refused to teach him.Edit: The original question asked why Dronacharya like Arjun over Karna. Hence, my answer is written that way.To answer the merged question, Dronacharya's favorite was Arjun due to his dedication to learning. The special thing about Arjun was that he was ready to learn anything and everything (which is why he was so multi talented), and he put so much of his time and effort into learning what he loved. And unlike many others, he never competed with someone else. He competed only with himself. He always wanted to be better than he was before. If firing during day time was not enough, he would practice at night. He will gain control over sleep if it was necessary to better himself. He will do anything to learn something properly. This is why is was a favorite of Dronacharya.	Dronacharya liked Arjun the most amongst all students. He loved him the most for two reasons.Arjun was that ideal student who is the dream of every teacher. He acquired learning skills with great receptivity. His concentration power showed his determination. Once focussed nothing else mattered to him. His faith in his teacher & respect and loyalty towards him won Dronacharya's heart. Along with all these pluses basically he had inborn tremendous ability of an archer. While mastering the skills he was hard worker. His every moment was spent to be the unparalleled. So naturally he was the most favourite student of Dronacharya.There was another selfish reason for this favouritism. Dronacharya had venedetta against Drupal. So he was searching for a tool to take revenge. That sharp weapon he found in Arjun.With Arjun's skill & obedience Drona realised Arjun was the one to fulfill his goal. And as per guru's command Arjun completed the mission successfully.So Dronacharya & Arjun became famous pair of gurushishya. With this background Karna is not in the picture.	
Was King Dhritarashtra totally blind or did he have a high vision number 10 or 15 that was probably considered to be blind in those days	He was blind from birth. Dhritarashtra was born to Vichitravirya's first wife Ambika. His father, Vicitravirya, was dead and his older brother was allowed to father his sons. Because Ambika was disgusted by the sight of Rishi Veda Vyasa she covered her eyes when he fathered his child. Dhritarashta was blind from birth as punishment because of his mother covering her eyes.	
How do I write a short note on Dhritarashtras advice to Duryodhana	First start writing, then turn it into a short note on Dhritarashtra's advice to Duryodhana.	
Did the war between Lord Krishna and Banasur happened after Mahabharat If yes then were Pandavas involved in the war	No. The war wasn't after Mahabharata.It was before the Great War.There was an Ashvamedha of Pradyumna in Vishvajit Khand of Garga Samhita and another of Aniruddha in the Ashvamedha Khanda. This war of Banasura and Krishna is mentioned in Vishvajit or Ashvamedha, either of the two.The main thing is that, in the Ashvamedha, there is a very slight mention of the Pandavas, Yudhishthir’s Yajnas, The Dice Game, Vanvas, Mahabharata war and Swarga Gamana of the Pandavas. This much is given in the same manner as I wrote.So, as much I remember, and if I'm correct (I'll recheck though), the Mahabharata happened after the Banasura episode.Therefore no Pandavas in that war.	Krishna went to war with Banasur for his grandson Aniruddha’s sake. Aniruddha was surreptiously visitng Usha’s palace, without the knowledge of Banasura, father of Usha. Banasura imprisons Aniruddha,All Krishna and his family of yadavas were ll involved in abducting girtls and marrying them , thereafter. This is what Krishna did, in case of Rukmini, Jambavati and many others.Infact, Arjuna, after being infatuated with Subjhadra, during a visit to Dwaraka, asks Krishna, what he should do. Krishna’s reply will shock you. “Abduct her. You are a Kshatriya, You have that right”, Such is his EthicsNo wonder, his desciples like Ram Rahim,Asha Ram Bapu, Nityananda, follow in his foot steps	
What is the real name of the epic Mahabharata	The epic Mahabharata is originally titled as The History Called ‘Jaya’.So the original name of Mahabharata is ‘Jaya’.In fact there is a customary sloka that is recited before reading the Mahabharata which is as below:नारायणम् नमस्कृत्य नरम् चैव नरोत्तमम् ।देवीम् सरस्वतीम् व्यासम् ततो जयमुदीरयेत् ॥१॥Meaning: humble salutations to Lord Sree Narayana who is excellent amongst the human beings. Also salutations to Goddess Saraswati and Maharishi Vyasa. Let the ‘Jaya’ rise.	
Why did Lord Krishna want the Kurukshetra War to happen because if he would have wished he could have stopped the Kurukshetra War	The aim of krishna (mahbahrata) was to unite all the Indian kingdoms under one flag and make a single center of power somewhere is north of india from where the possible invaders like Greeks, Huns, mughals etc might come. There were multiple and distributed power between the kingdoms of that time like kurus/magadha/chedi/panchal and they were fighting all the times. This distributed power was not enough to fight with invaders coming from the north west. So Krishna decided to unite them and that was only possible if all the kings and kingdoms are finished within a single war. It was happened in Mahabharata, finally all the kingdoms come under the flag of kuru rastra and hastinapur became centralized power of india and for a very long time it remained powerful.	Acc to Lord KrishnaWhenever and wherever there is a decline in religious practice, O descendant of Bharata, and a predominant rise of irreligion--at that time I descend Myself.Kaurav were symbols of irreligion at that time. It don’t mean that they were not running the kingdom well. They were always ready to help the subjects in their rein, donated money to poor, built ponds and did many other things their subjects wanted.But they were against Pandavas. They had their wish which every prince had, to become King. But their way of fulfilling their wish was not correct. They used the power of greed, corruption (in palace) etc to get the throne which led them to the marsh of irreligion.They tried every method to get rid of Pandavas. Krishna the symbol of religion on earth always sided Pandavas as they had patience, kindness, helpfulness for their dependents.Krishna never tried to stop the war because he knew that Pandavas could expand religious practises on earth. He went to Dhritrashtra court as Shantidoot but he demanded those 5 villages from Duryodhana which were very important due to geographical aspect which he obviously denied.Moreover the war was the only method to put an end to irreligious practices on earth. He earlier one by one killed the powerful demon like people like jarasandha, kichaka and many more so that they could not help kauravs in the war as jarasandha with his powerful army was unable to defeat so Krishna got killed him by Bheem through duel combat.	Lord Krishna did not want the Kurukshetra war to take place so he asked duryudhana (the opposite party) to give just 5 villages to the Pandavas , but duryudhana rejected this proposal and said he would not even give the amount of land which you will get in your palms without war.	Lord krishna wanted to root up all the Rajbansi kings because they were doing sinful deeds.Lord krishna had come on the earth to establishe the kongdom of Dharma. Because he has promised in the holy book Geetayada yada he dharmasya glanir bhavti bhartaAbhyuthanm dharmasya sambhami yuge yuge.	
When does Narada appear in Mahabharata	He appears after rajsu yagna of yudhistira . He gave insights on many topics of goverance and kinghood. He told the the brothers that they should be one pandava at draupadi room for one year and if there is breach of protocool then there shold be banishment of twelve year exile . This would prevent crack in brothers unity and no fithing of brothers over draupadi	
What was Krishnas blood ties with Draupadi	No,he wasn't a related to her by blood.However, once Krishna cut his finger. Subhadra and Draupadi were both present at the scene. On seeing the cut, Subhadra ran for medics while Draupadi immediately tore the piece of her Saaree and wrapped it around Krishna's cut.On seeing this devotion of Draupadi, Krishna told Draupadi that he will protect her and her pride and by giving this small piece of cloth, she has indebted Krishna for life.This small but honest act of Draupadi actually came to her rescue during the dice-game disrobing, when dushaasan wasn't able to disrobe her even after trying hard.Hence, this whole incident made a brother-sister kind of a bond between Krishna & Draupadi.	
What is the name of the throne of Yudhisthira	Yudhishtara was the true heir to the throne of Hastinapura. He had also ruled from Indraprastha before going on an exile after losing at a game of Ludo. The throne has no specific name as such.	
When did Krishna and Arjuna become friends	Besides that of them being incarnations of Nara and Narayana, in the mortal world, Krishna and Arjuna were related by both friendshipArjuna’s mother Kunti is the sister of Krishna’s father Vasudeva, thereby making Arjuna and Krishna cousins.Krishna and Arjuna are mentioned together for the first time in the Swamavara ceremony of Draupadi. Lord Krishna , along with Balaram was present at the ceremony, and Lord Krishna easily recognised the Pandavas even in their disguise.	
How many Sena is in the Pandavas team	Pandavas had gathered 7 Akshahuni troops. However, as per day by day counting there is more than 10 plus Akshauhinis were lost from the Pandavas side.Satyaki (Pupil and friend of Arjuna) - 1Dhristketu (son of Shishupala) - 1Sahadeva (son of Jarasandha) - 1Kekeyas - 1Pandavas - 1Panchala - 1Matsya - 1other were in small parts.AKSHOUHINIShree Hari…	First I would like to paraphrase the question as below.What was the size of Pandava's army in the Kurukshetra war ?The answer is they had 7 akshauhinis on their side.An akshauhini comprised of21,870 chariots ; 21,870 elephants; 65,610 horses and 109,350 soldiers.	
Do ancient people have supernatural powers like in the Mahabharata and in Ramayan	Interesting question. People did have supernatural powers as defined in Ramayana and Mahabharata. There are still people, who are as powerful as our Krishn or Ram from ancient days. Pls understand , how many people do we know from that era ? Only a handful who were the powerful ones. There must have been millions of common people at that time who nobody knows.In our time, there are still people who have immense supernatural powers. But you won't find them on net or at Mathura/Kashi. They don't want to showcase their power they are extremely discreet about it. Only a handful of people who are really close to them, know it. And it has been like this only since ages.I am confirming this, as i have seen them, have been with them for a good part of my life.RegardsAlok	It depends on what you believe .In my opinion I do believe that these people existed . I read in an article by a foreign history professor that the chant “Hanuman Chalisa” has 4 lines that are actually the formula for finding distance between earth and sun written in a poetic manner….many other facts like the existence of ancient Indian palaces and cities that were impossible to build in those times and yet were build beautifully and etc make me believe that people did have some ability to make all this .Thank you	
Is Ramayana a history or an epic	I don't have any source of geologists and theologists and scientist and western and European standards to prove this.I don't know since it happened before even my grandpaa too has born.I can't even confirm the birth of any one who's being revered in India and across the world by a large mass.Epic meaning = HistoryMythology meaning = mysteryWe believe it happened. We believe in many things and this too is same. A natural habit for all sanathana dharma followers to believe. Believing is faith and not believing is also welcomed.	
Was Krishnas queen Satyabhama a jealous and conceited person What do religious scripts tell us about her character How was her relationship with Lord Krishna	Ego is not a concept foreign to humans. We have always had that innate emotion which is the root cause of pride, jealousy and many other emotions that are considered negative and said to be harmful in excess quantities.This 'ego' can damage relationships. It can cause friction between the two parties if they are unsuccessful at controlling their egos. And it is this failure that is the cause of insecurities, jealousies, etc, which eventually cause the relationship to end. Had the cause itself been nipped in the bud, most relationships would have been instantly repaired.A story in our vast mythical lore deals with ego and jealousy in a marital relationship. Many of us are aware that Lord Krishna had around 16008 wives. The 16000 women he had rescued from the dungeons of Narakasura after the incarnation of Lord Vishnu slew the demon. The other eight wives were Rukmini, Jambavati, Kalindi, Satyabhama, Nagnajiti, Mitravinda, Bhadra, and Lakshmana. However, his chief wife is Rukmini, who is considered the incarnation of the Goddess Lakshmi.Satyabhama was quite beautiful and loved and adored Krishna very much. She was rumored to be a materialistic person and was proud of her beauty. But she always felt that it was Rukmini who stole all her glory. Her vanity caused a rise in her ego and hence she bore Rukmini an envy that burned inside her.One day it so happened that Satyabhama boasted about the love Krishna had for her. It was no mere coincidence that Narada Muni strolled past her chambers and heard what she had to say. He countered her by saying that it is not she whom Krishna loves the most and that his love is but an illusion. He also mentioned that it is Rukmini who Krishna really loves and cares about. At this, Satyabhama got enraged and demanded that the sage prove what he was saying. As usual, the crafty ascetic of heaven convinced her to observe a vrata (ritual) where she gave Krishna away to Narada in charity and then if she desired to have him back, she could reclaim him by giving away wealth equal to the weight of Krishna. This ritual became popularly known as 'Tulabharam'. When Satyabhama hesitated (of course, she could not think about giving away the man she loved in charity), Narada Muni provoked her ego by telling her that all her wealth may not equal Krishna's weight. Satyabhama, in order to best Rukmini (the sage had told her that by observing the ritual, Krishna's love for her would increase tenfold) and prove that her wealth was immense, agreed and laughed that it was child's play to outweigh Krishna. But then Narada warned her that if she failed to match the weights, Krishna would become a slave to him to do with as he pleased.Satyabhama acquiesced, much to the horror of his other wives, who pleaded with her unsuccessfully. Krishna meekly submitted to the ritual. Satyabhama then arranged for a huge scale and sent for all her wealth. The scale did not budge. The heavenly sage started to mock her attempts and started shouting that now Krishna would be auctioned off. Frantic, she asked for the other wives to help. They all pooled in the jewelry, if only for the love they bore for their Krishna.Still, the attempt proved futile.Krishna remained silent; seeing the desperation and failure of his wives to reclaim him, he said that now he had become a slave to a rishi and would have to separate from his dear wives.Satyabhama started to look for answers to win back her dear Krishna. When Narada suggested that Rukmini could get her out of the conundrum, she swallowed her pride and appealed to the chief consort.Rukmini then emptied the scales of all the wealth and placed a single leaf of Tulsi on it. Immediately, the scales tilted and matched the weight of Krishna.Krishna then stood up and said that devotion to a life-partner is the only thing that will determine the amount of love one has for somebody. In this, pride, ego, jealousy has no place.As you see, Satyabhama's desire to best Rukmini got the better of her instead. Ego is a complicated emotion. We cannot truly dispose of it. But we can control it, limiting it so that it does not hamper any relationship that we have with other people.Dispose of all egos when in a relationship. Only love can make a relationship soar high; ego will only bring it crashing down.	The attachment between Lord Krishna and Satyabahma was an epic… but in reality it is an allegory to the love between Jeevatma and Paramatma, the human being and the God.The so called jealousy as depicted in Bhgavatha is actually a version of the longing a true devotee feels for the Lord, without whom he cannot live. In modern history we find an analogous relationship between Ramakrishna Paramahamsa and Goddess Kali. Bhagawan Ramakrishna would often go into ecstasy and reach samadhi at the sight of the Goddess. The same way Gopikas would forget themselves, their families and even children when they heard Krishna's flute in Brindavan.Cut to Satyabhama, she loved the lord but was overtly possessive about him. She gets outdone by the devotion of Rukmini. The moral of the story is, to win over the lord and to be one with Paramatma, Jeevatma has to give up conceit, ego and all the material possessions. Complete surrender to the Lord alone can please him, and not a passionate love laced with jealousy and other lower emotions.	She was egoistic person as depicted in scriptures . She was not conceited but jealous person. She felt insecure from others so she felt envy of others . She was self indulgent person and was proud of her beauty . She thought she was capabal and no one . She earlier treated people of lower rank with disrespect . This nature came from the fact she was daughter of richest noble and merchant satyabhan . He at first site fell in love with krishna and loved him the most . She thought none loved the most as she did so she learned the knowledge of being good wife and devoted ie satisavitri from draupadi. Instances are there when she came to know that rukmini worshipped lord krishna during dawn hours she also accompanied her out of jealously . She was refined from tulabhadra leela of lord which is for some other day	We know almost nothing about her. Scholars like Bankim Chandra doubt that she ever existed.	
Is it true that Maharishi Valmiki was asked by Lord Brahma to be reincarnated as Goswami Tulsidas to retell the Ramayana	Tulasidas had a free translation of Sanskrit Ramayana into Hindi , and that made him the Hindi Valmiki. If people believe that he was the very reincarnation of Maharshi Valmiki himself drafted by Brahma for this task it is quite understandable. Such was the popularity of Ramacharithamanasa. Tulasidas was a legend in his lifetime, and there were many storiesregarding his greatness.However,truth to be told, truth is what you want to believe in. It was a poetic imagination, enjoy it, 'believe it or not 'is your choice.	This is a poular belief in the North. It is simply a belief. It cannot be validated.	
Is it true that Krishna cannot be called a Hindu	Yes and no depending on what being hindu means for youYes ,if you mean that hindu means a person who is from past river indus ,it is a geographical identity, then Krishna satisfy that criteria.Yes, also if you mean hindu being a follower of an ancient tradition named sanatan dharma which contains many schools of philosophies for living life(including some of them what in modern terms are atheistic and agnostic pov),krishna being follower of the school which preaches niskam karma yoga ,which is evident from his dictation of gita.No,if by hindu you meant a follower of modern Hinduism which is a waterdown version of Sanatana dharma ,that rather than focusing on philosophical and human aspect of life which encouge questioning and thinking, is more of a system catering for surrendering to the will of god no questions asked.Even krishna said in gita:-I have given you knowledge most profound,now it is your duty to think and then act.See he uses THINK.	
Are Mahabharata and Ramayana real If so why are there are no archaeological evidences found even if it is found why are none listed in our textbooks	One can’t surely tells that Mahabharata and Ramayana were real or not. But it is also true that it is not completely myth..There are many archaeological evidences which are still available. The devotees, some among them historians, believe that after Krishna's death a great flood washed away the city… Even Ram Setu Bridge is too available. Battle between Science & Spirituality is running over a decade. Science relies on logics , facts & proofs whereas Spirituality is largely related to belief. According to Hindu belief Ram Setu was built by Lord Rama to cross the sea. Stones used to make the bridge floated on water because Rama was written on stones. But there is a complete scientific explanation why stones floated on water & why now Ram Setu is under water.Recent NCERT books have listed some of the stories which have moral are listed there. We consider them as an epic. It doesn’t mean that it is completely false.sources:Underwater robots to search for washed away Dwarka city	You have asked 3 questions… Well, let me answer you one by one…1 - yes, both Ramayana & Mahabharata are real.2 - for Ramayana , rama bridge is the biggest evidence which is in rameshwaram ( south India)For Mahabharata, Dwaraka city was found in 2001. which is located in 20km away from Gujarat ( sea level). And the epic battle of Kurukshetra was fought at 3067 BC… Which is called as city Haryana.3 - I don't know about the education system at your place… As per Tamil Nadu education system they have ramayanam in their text book. Andhra Pradesh , Telangana & kerala have Mahabharata in their text book… I hope you are satisfied with my answers…☺	I personally feel the 2 epics Mahabharata and Ramayan are stories like The Tales of Beedle the Bard in Harry Potter.. These are very ancient to put any claim about it archaeological evidence..But if you look at the vivid details and large geographic span it covers with precise references.. Like Ramayan is a story about the King of Ayodhya.. The story takes you to Sri Lanka.. So either the author was aware about geographies from Himalayas to Sri Lanka which seems difficult in that era without Internet. Or if it they actually knew then the story of Ramayan was true.	Bro try to read NCERT class 12 Ancient History in that they have mention that draupadi svayamwara i.e Fish target is there till now…and in hastinapura the archeologists found many other things…And mostly Ramayanam evidence are found andAccording to HISTORIANSMahabharatam has happened first then after Ramayanam	Priya,Just I saw there are five answers to your question but they contain in there lines, I would like to see after giving my answer to your question.So you have asked whether Ramayana and Mahabharata are real?Then you asked whether there are evidences found for these?If the evidences are found then why these are not listed in our text books?Three questions with single answer which I had been giving for long that it is not possible to fight these wars because the Earth is too small to accommodate these many warriors.If these could not happen then why do they contain the very word, “ history”.The reason is that what the contents suggest are in the nature of the history because they are spoken in the past tense and always start that it so happened.Now, it so happened, does not mean the war as such but there has been action and reaction of forces in the past.Now what for certain actions and reactions had been, may be due to the evolution of the earth or the way the planets are named as the wanderes and during such wandering what various forces have acted upon them and since there was no particular country and the earth did not have any demarcations at that time the positions of the stars and the constellations had been relied upon, so that the people who if try may know the particular force is still playing its role but the mystery of such force had been resolved or found out.Just an example::Guru Purnima we encounter every year and usually at this time the earth is at the longest distance from the Sun which is called Aphelion and here the gravtational force is nearly at the full strength and if any thing happens from beyond the Solar system, then the consquences can be such mankind has never witnessed or if the earth has witnessed then at least man is not able to recall that.So there can not be evidence in the nature of the remnants of the broken weapons, etc.And the main evidences if can be found then those are possible when the real reason for writing these epics is known to the mankind.Since these are Indian epics hence the burden rests on the Indians and Indians have no time to keep themselves away from their prejudices and the pre occupations.Hope you may think a while.	' Absence of evidence is not the absence not existence”Just because we couldn't find the archeological evidence, doesn't mean that it never happened. Ramayana and Mahabharata happen in a time which is still unmeasurable.So we can't say for sure if they existed or not. If they existed, then why couldn't we see them?	
What kind of difficulties could the Pandavas and Drupati have experienced in the jungle	There were lot of problems faced by them in the forest.Living in forest was there first problem Those who live in palace can't stay at forest. Pandavas being the kshatriyas could stay at jungle as they were born there. But for Panchali who never left the palace before had to go to jungle after marriage.After marriage Draupadi came at hastinapur palace with pandavas but soon they had to go to exile for 13 years after losing dice game with duryodhanThey had to leave their children in their relatives palaces before going to jungle as the children and other wives could not live in hardship of jungle. Krishna took Pandavas children and wives to his kingdom and draupdi’s brother drishtidyuman took sons of Draupadi to Panchal.They stayed there with less resources available. They made a hut and got less food to eat. Bheem with Vrikka fire in his stomach faced difficulties to satisfy his hunger with less quantity of food. Draupadi and other pandvas continued to remember their humiliation in the dice game. Draupadi took oath of not to knot her hair until she did not wash them with dushasan blood.During exile Kirmira a wicked demon kidnapped Draupadi, Nakula and Sahadeva Bheema killed him during a fight and freed them.On the advice of Maharshi Vyas Arjun went for a long time to appease Lord Shiv and to get Pashupatastra. Shiv after testing Arjun gave him that weapon and then Indra dev took him to swarglok where devi Urvashi cursed him to live a life of eunuch for 1 yearMeanwhile other pandavas and Draupadi on the advice of Marashi Narad went to tirthyatra where Bheem fought with kuber's army to bring Saugandhik flower for DraupadiNot to forget about Maharshi Durvasa when Duryodhan in spite of knowing his anger sent rishi durvasa to pandavas by saying that they wanted to welcome him in their hut.Durvasa along with his a large number of disciples went to meet pandavas where to Pandavas had left only 1 rice particle in the vessel after lunch. Pandavas being worried about Durvasa anger went to welcome rishi where he was bathing in the river along with disciples. Krishna came there when draupadi remembered him. He came and ate the 1 rice granule left. The stomachs of the rishis filled automatically and they fled away from there before Pandavas came there to take them.After long time period They finally met Arjun who had taken the divya astra from heavenBut once jayadratha was crossing the forest with his army where he saw draupadi who was coming after getting water from nearby pond. He not only insulted Draupadi but almost kidnapped her when Arjun and Bheem reached their to save her.Also Duryodhan during pandavas exile tried to humiliate them by making fun of their condition in forest. Where they had a fight with Gandharvs and they captured Duryodhan. Karna fled away from there. at last pandavas freed him from the gandharavs.Then came the 1 year of agyat vas where they had to keep their identity secret. Draupadi Maharani, Patrani now became slave of Queen Sudeshna, Yudhishtira became kank and entertained Mastyaraj with dice game, Arjun due to curse became eunuch and named brihanalla and taught dance to Uttra daughter of King Virat, Bheem became the royal cook and took the name Vallabh, Nakula as Damgranthi the horse groomsman and Sahadev as Tantripal the royal Cowherd.Here are problems faced by them in the forest but the problems didn't end here Kichaka the brother of Rani Sudeshna tried to molest Draupadi and slapped her in front of MatsyaRaj in court full of courtesans.Pandvas life was full of hardship that did not end even after the great war Mahabharat. But they always sided the Dharma which helped them to come out of every problem they faced so far.	
Who is Kubja in Krishnas life	The story of Kubja occurs in Shrimadbhagavatha. Kubja was a maid servant in Mathura with the responsibility of procuring sandalwood paste and perfumed oils to the royal court of the tyrannical ruler, Kamsa. She was hunchbacked and perhaps a dwarf, also known by the name of Trivakra (crooked at three spots on her body).When Krishna and Balarama arrived at Mathura for the first time, at the wicked invitation of his uncle to participate in a wrestling competition, she lovingly offered sandalwood paste to both of them.Krishna was pleased by this act of hers. Out of brimming love and kindness, he held her toes pressed to the ground with his own toes, and gently lifted her chin upwards with his fingers. All her bodily crookedness vanished at once, and she stood upright as a beautiful damsel.Krishna also offered her a boon in return for her service. She, in turn, appealed to Krishna to come to her home. Krishna promised her that would do so once his mission in Mathura was accomplished, and he kept his promise.	Kubja in krishna life that hunchback krishna meets on his way to mathuras hall where shivji great bow was kept . Keshav made kujra a normal and an beautiful woman curing of his henchmanship.he just hold his hand and uplifted her and cured her.	
What is the setting in the story of the Ramayana and Mahabharata	The setting of Ramayana I describe below.Sage Valmiki went to the banks of Tamasa river. There Godly sage Valmiki saw a couple of lovely krouncha birds, in the vicinity of that river's foreshore, flying together sounding charmingly.A hunter killed the male bird. The female bird who is ever together with her husband, on seeing her slain husband whose body is blood-soaked, and who is reeling on the ground in the anguish of pain, bewailed with piteous utterances.One seeing this Valmiki uttered. This is the first SHLOKA.मा निषाद प्रतोष्ठां त्वमगमः शाश्वतीः समाः |यत् क्रौञ्चमिथुनादेकमवधीः काममोहितम् ||"Oh! Ill-fated Hunter, by which reason you have killed one male bird of the couple, when it is in its lustful passion, thereby you will get an ever-lasting reputation for ages to come..."This is the setting of Ramayana. It is full of Karuna Rasa (sorrowful). If you listen the Ramayana and understand it your eyes will be full of tears.	
How can I meet immortal Ashwathama who is still alive after Mahabharat	Who is Ashwatthama?Ashwatthama or Drauni was the son of guru Drona and he is the grandson of the Brahmin sage Bharadwaja. Ashwatthama is the avatar of one of the eleven Rudras and he is one of the seven Chiranjivi.After Arjuna and Karna, Ashwatthama killed most number of warriors in the Kurukshetra war on behalf of the Kauravas.Now some say he also one of Rudra Ansh .that's makes him unbeatable but the truth is lord shiva is pleased and grant a son to drona who is immune to all diseases and skin ailments ,due to blessings of shiva ashwathama has immense power that already makes him immortal because of shiva grace .but when he tried to kill utara and Abhimanyu new born baby in his womb itself Krishna angrily curse him with terrible leprosy that would haunt him for 3,000 years. Krishna further stated that Ashwatthama would not be helped by anyone or provided food or shelter.Actually ashwathama was already immortal but Krishna curse him so that will turn his immortality into long painful life .A doctor in Madhya Pradesh claimed to have a tough patient with a septic forehead. After several applications of a fail-proof potion, the wound was still fresh and kept bleeding. Amazed at this, the doctor said that his wound seems ageless and cureless. He added, by saying, “I wonder, are you Ashwathama”, and laughed.When he turned to apply the next doze, he found the patient seat empty. The patient just disappeared into thin air - the story it was claimed was true.Some Yogis like Pilot Baba also claim that they have met Ashwatthama who was living among tribes at Himalayan Foothills. It is believed that Ashwatthama offers flowers to a Shivling each morning.In short for seing ashwathama u have to go to that place where people claim seen him .but there is no guarantee that u will surely see him or not athough if u don't see him surely u feel his presence !!	How can I meet immortal Ashvatthama who is still alive after Mahabharata?Chetan,You are right that Ashvatthama is immortal and he is stll alive according to Mahabharata.But should you recall the curse of Shri Krishna that he would be wandering in the forests and he would not have any meeting with the human beings.The bleeding wound with push and infested with so many unknown microbes, he would not be staying at any one place for long time upto 3000 years.Hence sorry Chetan, there is no way out to meet.	yes i saw him roaming in the vicinity of BALAJI temple tirupati,incognito	
What was the cause of the Mahabharata	There was no single reason which led to Mahabharat.How can it be possible, when one side was leaded by Yudhistir, the one who had no enemy.The foundation to Mahabharat was led when the most eligible person i.e. Devvrat (aka Bhism) denied the throne and promised it to his brother who was yet to be born.It was deepened when Duryodhan was not ready to accept Pandavas as his brothers (who had come back from forest), and that they are also part of the royal family. And the king Dhrirastra was unable to convince his son, because of his ambition to look Duryodhan on the throne.It became unavoidable when Draupadi insulted Duryodhan in the palace of Indrapasth. And in turn, Duryodhan insulted Draupadi inside the royal court of Hastinapur.And finally, it became the only option when Krishna's proposal of 5 villages was denied by Duryodhan.So, I think a series of incidents, majorly as mentioned above, were responsible for this humongous war Mahabharat.	
Ashwathama is cruel to Pandavas but is still an immortal Why	
Who were the characters of Mahabharata and who were their parents	There are thousands and thousands of characters in Mahabharat. How can I write all of their names? I can write only the main characters.The actual Mahabharat mainly starts with the king Shantanu of Kuru dynasty.Hastinapur, Kuru dynastyShantanu - son of PratipaBheeshma - son of Shantanu and GangaVichitravirja & Chitrangad - son of Shantanu and SatyavatiVyasdev - son of Satyavati and ParasharaDhritarashtra - son of Vichitravirja and AmbikaPandu - son of Vichitravirja and AmbalikaVidura - son of a dashi with the help of VyasdevYudhistir, Bheema, and Arjuna - sons of Pandu and KuntiNakula and Sahadeva - sons of Pandu and MadriKarna - son of Kunti with the help of SuryadevDuryodhana, duhshashan, vikarna, duhshala and other 97 sons - children of Dhritarashtra and GandhariPratibindhya, Sutasoma, Srutokarma, Shataneek & Sutosena - sons of each Pandavas from DraupadiGhatotkacha - son of Bheema and HidimbaIravan - son of Arjuna and UlupiBabhrubahan - son of Arjuna and ChitrangadaaAbhimanyu - son of Arjuna and SubhadraParikshit - son of Abhimanyu and UttaraaJanamejaya - son of ParikshitDwaraka, Yadu DynastyShree Krishna - son of Vasudev and DevakiBalaram and Subhadra - children of Vasudev and RohiniVasudev and Kunti - children of ShooraPradyumna - son of Krishna and RukminiShammo - son of Krishna and JambabatiSatyakiKritavarmaPanchalDraupadi, Dhristadyumna & Shikhandi - children of DrupadMatsyaUttara & Uttaraa - children of Virat and SudeshnaGandharGandhari & Shakuni - children of SubalaMagadhaJarashandha - son of BrihadrathaSahadeva- son of JarashandhaChediShishupalDhrishtaketu - son of ShishupalSindhuJayadrathaOthersDronacharya - son of BharadwajAswathama - son of Dronacharya and KripiKripacharyaPS : I may have missed many names. You can suggest edits. I also don't know the names of the parents of many people :(:(	Basically story of Mahabharata starts from the king Santanu, who was the king of Hastinapura. He was scion of King Bharata, from whose name, India was named as Bharat. Here i give you one image which contain dynasty of king Santanu.This characters were from kuru dynesty.The main character of the Mahabharata was Shree Krishna because he was the creator of War of Mahabharata. If he was not there, then this story was impossible to give this much adventure. He was the son of Vasudeva and Devaki but he was grown at the home of his father’s best friend Nandrai and wife Yasoda.Second most important Character was Shakuni. He was the king of Gandhara (Now a day in Afghanistan). He was the brother of Ghandhari and Maternal Uncle of Kaurava. He was also one to give a birth that war. He was the son of Subalaraj and Sudarma.Dronacharya - He was son of Rishi Bharadwaj. The story of born of Dronacharya was very interesting. One day his father went for a bath at Ganga river where he used to go for bath. At that day one apsara was bathing in a river and when Rishi Bharadwaj saw her, he was overcome by desire and causing him to produce semen involuntarily out of excitement. He captured the semen in a vessel called a Droṇa and from that semen Dronacharya sprang.Ashwatthama: Ashwatthama is (as he lives now a day) son of Dronacharya and Kripi. One of the Chiranjivi according to Hinduism.Kripacharya: He is son of Saradvana and Janapada. He was brother of Kripi and Maternal uncle of Ashwatthama.He is also one of the Chiranjivi.Parashurama: He is also Chiranjivi. He is son of Rishi Jamadagni and Renuka. He is a teacher of Bhisma Pitamah, Dronacharya and Karna.Drupada: He was the king of Panchala. His father’s name was Prishata.Draupadi: She was daughter of Drupada.Dristadhuma : He was brother of Draupadi.Shikandini : Shikandini was Daughter of Drupada and sister of Draupadi.Hidimba : Hidimba was sister of Hidimb and Wife of Bheema.Gatotkacchha: He was son of Bheema and Hidimba.	
What would have been the result if Bhishma had never taken his terrible oath and succeeded Shantanu as the King	If you change the story at the beginning, it would have taken a different mode. But if had not taken but died before marriage , the story could continue on the same lines. His character is redundant , however great it may be, once he kept himself out of the race for crown permanently and was supposed to stick to it till his death. If he had not taken the oath,which nobody forced on him,Dasaraj would have refused to give Satyavathi in marriage to Shantanu. Then Shantanu would have with great disappointment either killed himself, abdicatedike his throne or challenged Bhishma and perished. Bhishma would have ruled the kingdom of Hastinapura for long years and died. His progeny, if he had any, ruled for some more years and died. Everybody would have forgotten him or remembered him as one of the great rulers like Hasti, Kuru or Puru , the founder of the dynasty. Nothing more , there would be no Mahabharata. No great mythology. No interesting questions to answer on Quora like this!	
What would have been the result in a battle upto death between Drona and Bhishma	Dronacharya: Son of Sage Bharadwaja in the lineage of sage Angirasa who were very powerful. He himself is the master of all sort of warfare with many astras. He got his astras from Lord Parasurama himself who is an avtat of Lord Vishnu. However, due to the clash of Drona and Drupada, his former ally, Drupada performed yagas and obtained a wish that he need a son who will slay Drona.Bhisma: Son of Goddess Ganga and King Shantanu, is a very fierceful warrior and master of all sort of arts. In some mythological books, it was mentioned that he can battle 100 people at a time. He has a boon of death at his will. He was trained by almost all great sages like Vasista, Parasurama, Brihaspati, Markandeya etc with help of Goddess Ganga. He killed 10000 opponents each day in Mahabharata and no one was a match to him. He made Lord Krishna himself frustrated, who suggested Pandavas to ask Bhisma himself how to get defeated. Thus he was defeated with help of Sikhandi.I feel Bhisma is more powerful than Drona though Drona himself is one of the finest Warrior and Guru. The training that Bhisma took from different great Sages dominates that of Drona.Bhisma can die at will and Drona should be slain by the son of Drupada, thus no one can harm each other lethally but the fight between them would be the most fearsome and make hell lot of impact on the surroundings and people because of the divine astras each one possess. The fight would go on for months but ultimately I feel Bhisma would have an upper hand, as all Pandavas combined were not a match with Bhisma.But Glad that they were on same side and this didn’t happen.	Drona would have died.Parashurama is the teacher to both of them and they were extraordinarily skilled in warfare. But Bhishma is Ajaya he cannot be defeated or killed. He was cursed to live a very long life and also given a boon to live a life of an undefeated hero until he wishes otherwise.	
Did Bhishma fight Arjuna with all his might or did he lose intentionally	It has become a habit for every one to demean Arjun pitting him against the so called maharathis Of Mahabharata era. They just don’t bother to check the credibility of their statement by checking the Epic narration. Ardent followers of Epic already explained the truth..that include myself. I think I elaborately posted how Bhishma could not reciprocate Arjuna’s astras and retreated with his army on second and third days.Arjuna has a valid reason for not fighting with his full mettle .Arjun’s mindset before Gita remained the same to some extent after Gita also. When he sees his grandfather before him he would just backstep from being the warrior that he is, He did not use half of his skills and the outcome was Krishna threatening to take arms at the cost of breaking his vow.I would have felt good if the questioner just reversed the names of Bhishma and Arjuna. That would have done justice to the greatest warrior of Aryavarth. But no…why would he get his due credit ? I am just trying to drink water in a mirage like Bhartrihari said in his Nitisataka.Personal triumphsTaking only Mahabharata into account I can confidently claim Bhishma’s achievements are not on par with Arjun.Bhishma defeated Drupada,Kashi kingdom,Salva and other kings.Bhishma fought with his guru Parasurama and contrary to what every one claim the battle was stopped in the middle.(Excerpt)O son of Bhrigu's race! O Rama, O Rama, desist from this battle, O best of Brahmanas! Bhishma is incapable of being slain by thee, as indeed, thou, O Bhargava, art incapable of being slain by him!'Pitris and gods stopped the battle between Parasurama and Bhishma enlightening them that they both are unconquerable to each other.Both of them mangled each other severely ..both swooned and recovered.Both used Brahma weapon. Bhishma did not hurl Paraswadhastra.The battle was stopped in the middle…with Parasurama praising Bhishma and Gods predicting Bhishma’s fall by Arjuna. So it is Arjuna Who has to do the job. There also Arjuna’s supremacy had been established.Virata warBhishma was conquered by Arjuna and was taken out of the war field.Clearly described in Virata Parva Gograhana Parva.Arjuna’s personal triumphsI think I don’t need to elaborate them again. His whole life is filled with chain of triumphs that no other warrior could even dream of achieving half of them atleast. Bhishma was no exception. Fortunately The beloved grandfather of Arjun knows his grandson’s supremacy unlike his detractors.For a hundredth time I would attempt it again. The track record of the grandfather and the grandson who loved each other till the end proves who is better.Arjuna did not like even the thought of killing his Pitamah.Bhishma wanted to liberate himself only through his grandson’s valour.For ten days the struggle and friction continued by making things standstill without yielding any result.Arjuna ,goaded by Krishna ,exhibited what would be the outcome if he unleashed the minutest aspect of his power and skills. Aindrastra drove away Kauravas with their leader Bhishma opting retreat ,not able to reciprocate Arjun’s lethal attack. Neither did Drona have any answer..Arjuna’s mild display enabled Bhishma on occasions where he dominated..be it ist day or the nineth day to quote some. The Epic clearly stated Krishna ventured to take weapon seeing Arjun fight mildly.The final battle.Sikhandi was a pretence. Amba who earnestly wished revenge has to be gratified least by being there during Bhishma’s fall. she is not capable enough to throw the great warrior down. Only the arrows from Gandiva could do the task.Repeating what I said earlier rather what the Epic conveyed. Sikhandi did not fight from Arjun’s chariot. Both Bheema and Arjun became his wheel protectors on both sides.So Bhishma ordered..Krishna upheld..Arjuna has no other option but to rise up to the occasion and redeem his Pitamah. Persuaded by Krishna and motivated by a sulking Yudhishtir ,Arjun exhibited his prowess in such a way that no Kuru warrior could protect Bhishma from his onslaught.The Fall..inevitable.Arjuna showered arrows in such a way that the army surrounding Bheeshma either got fatally wounded or fled away.He protected Sikhandi from Kauravas and encouraged him to strike Bheeshma.Arjuna broke every bow that Bheeshma took within split second. Then he covered Bheeshma's charioteer,his chariot and horses with sharpest arrows.Duryothan's Maharathis tried in vain to reach up to Pitamah as Arjun appeared as if he is present before each of them to stop their advances.. Bhishma then took a sakti weapon and hurled it on Arjun but it was destroyed and nullified.Arjun then killed Bhishma's charioteer and destroyed the roof of the chariot.Celestials appeared in the sky and showered flowers on Bhishma..Still Bheeshma continued his battle as he doesn't want Duryothan to feel cheated.Sikhandi shot many arrows on Bheeshma but they could not show any effect.Then Arjun shot his arrows faster and broke Bhishma's bow.He then shot a strong shaft that pierced inside Bheeshma's body.Bheeshma was stupified.The famous confession ..whose arrows hurt him?Only Dussasan Who was entrusted the protection of Bhishma remained nearer to hear Bhishma’s confession despite being thrashed by Arjun severely.Bhishma addressed Dussasana thus.' The arrow that pierced my body belong to Arjun but not to Sikhandi.These arrows are torchering my body in crucial parts. Sikhandi never had such arrows. The arrows that struck me now are from Gandiv,They struck with high speed,They never miss their aim, they are the sharpest and they belong to Arjun.Sikhandi can never shoot such arrows.So it was Arjun’s arrows that wounded Bhishma severely and finally made him fall on arrow bed.Then again Bheeshm hurled another sakti on Arjun but it was met in the middle itself and destroyed completely.Bheeshma then took a sword and shield but Arjun broke them and continuously showered arrows on his body with such precision and symmetry that the celestials were surprised and praised his skills.As the Sun also started going down,The pride of Kurus,the oldest warrior ,the famous Santanav,Ganga Putr Bheeshm slowly fell keeping his head in eastern direction struck by his dearest grandson's arrows on his body . He was on the arrow bed his head hanging down because of not having any support.Points to be notedBhishma fought with honesty and sincerity. Never did he renounce weapons and let himself surrendered.It is an insult to Bhishma even to think that way. Ever since Bhishma realised he has to be on the other side of the Pandavas,he reconciled to the fact and did justice to Duryothana by fighting fiercely despite his old age.Sikhandi’s presence did not make Bhishma renounce his weapons. He attacked every one else.Hence Bhishma Arjuna fight was a one on one fight which is decisive..Read somewhere ….Bhishma defeated his guru Parasurama but Arjuna got defeated by Siva miserably. Some one said this and declared Bhishma was greater than Arjun. Great analysis I must say!Siva was the preceptor Of Parasurama. Sadashiv He is. Adi Dhanurdhar. Can any one defeat him at all? Still Arjuna did a commendable job by resisting and fighting Mahadev..Shiv was immensely delighted with Arjun’s exhibition of valour and declared.that there is none equal to Arjun..Parasuram lost his once famous irresistible prowess by the time he fought with Bhishma. Still he defended Bhishma so well.Moreover the battle was disrupted in the middle.It is highly indiscreet and inappropriate even to compare both referring the two incidents and judge their prowess.Finally( Excerpt)arjunaM vAsudevaM cha ye chAnye tatra pArthivAH |sarvAnAvArayiShyAmi yAvaddrakShyAmi bhArata || 15||dAnavAnAM sahasrANi hiraNyapuravAsinAm |hatAnyekarathenAjau kastasya sadRRisho rathaH || 34|| ( Excerpt)Bhishma admitted Arjun is invincible to himSiva said Arjuna is unparalelledParasurama declared none in three worlds could stand before Arjun.What more should I say?Straight answer for the question asked.” Bhishma fought with all his might but Arjuna didn’t.”FootnotesBori Critical Edition Of Mahabharat Sanskrit version Udyoga Parva ch.166Kisari Mohan Ganguli English TranslationVirata Parva LXIII ( Arjuna Bhishma encounter)Bhishma Parasurama fight Udyoga Parv Section CLXXXVIIISiva Arjuna fight Vana Parv Section XXXIX,XLParasurama’s admission about Arjuna Udyoga Parva XCVI	Interesting question.10th day battle was described in great detail and you can go through it. I don’t think Bhisma intentionally gave any space to any one in battle.In my understanding Bhisma lost the battle for multiple reason -Foremost reason was Kourava army themselves who behaved as completely rudderless and was not in sync with their leader Bhisma.Apart from Karna all their major warriors were present in battle field and still they failed to protect their leader - Drona, Balhika, Somadatta, Bhurishrava, Kripa, Bhaghadatta, Duryodhana, Aswathamma, Jayadratha, the brother of Duryodhana.Pandavas were technically able to isolate Bhisma from Kourava army despite Kouravas having numerical superiority in terms of both army and high standard warriors.Dussashana was given responsibility of protecting Bhisma and that he really fought bravely against almost all Pandava warriors except Arjuna.He was defeated and made weapon and chariotless by Arjuna. All he did after that was silently watch how his commander succumbing against enemy.Sikhandi was leading the Pandava army from the front on that day and Bhisma was ignoring him and concentrating fully on the army that was fighting alongside Sikhandi.It was in my opinion one of the best strategic attack and only a very skillful person could launch such attack.As I said Arjuna and Sikhandi was not in same chariot.One has to be skillful enough to shoot from a distance with a great accuracy to achieve what Arjuna had achieved.As he won’t have the clear visibility due to Sikhandi and his chariot’s presence in front of him.The world in fact started believing that it was Sikhandi who was attacking him.Arjuna basically broke his bow at first and then tried to pierce his vitals simultaneously.Arjuna could shoot from a great distance and also very powerfully.So it was not necessary for him to fight from the front.The responsibility of killing Bhisma was given to Sikhandi. He was not able to that.Then on Krishna’s direction Arjuna came up and attacked Bhisma while .Piercing his vital part was important as it might have caused him pain which was why he became much slower in picking up his bow, strung it and get ready.When he had realized that the attack was made by Arjuna and not Sikhandi he lost almost all his bows.He actually realized completely when Arjuna’s arrows caused great pain in his body.He attacked Arjuna using a javelin but that was destroyed by Arjuna.I have quoted from Mahabharata KMG Translation - One must go through entire link instead of just reading my answer to get the entire scenario -Breaking Bhisma’s First Bow -Then the diadem-decked (Arjuna), excited with wrath, and placing Sikhandin ahead rushed at Bhishma and cut off the latter's bow.Ref - Bhishma Parva: Bhagavat-Gita Parva: Section CXXBreaking a set of Bhsima’s bows by Arjuna -Sikhandin, however, that foremost of car-warriors, protected in the battle by the diadem-decked (Arjuna), pierced Bhishma, in that encounter, with ten shafts after the latter's bow had been cut off. And he struck Bhishma's charioteer with other shafts, and cut off the latter's standard with one shaft. Then the son of Ganga took up another bow that was tougher. That even was cut off by Phalguni with three sharp shafts. Indeed, that chastiser of foes, viz., Arjuna, who was capable of drawing the bow with even his left hand, excited with rage, one after another, cut off all the bows that Bhishma took up.Ref - Bhishma Parva: Bhagavat-Gita Parva: Section CXXDestruction of Bhisma’s dart -Then Bhishma, whose bows were thus cut off, excited with rage, and licking the corners of his mouth, took up a dart that was capable of riving a hill. In rage he hurled it at Phalguni's car. Beholding its course towards him like the blazing bolt of heaven, the delighter of the Pandavas fixed five sharp broad-headed arrows (on his bow-string). And with those five arrows, O chief of the Bharatas, the angry Arjuna cut off into five fragments that dart hurled from Bhishma's arms.Ref - Bhishma Parva: Bhagavat-Gita Parva: Section CXXBhisma’s Vitals was pierced -And once more, Dhananjaya, with great speed and excited with wrath struck him in every vital part with hundreds of arrows. Thus pierced by others, also with thousands of arrows, the mighty car-warrior Bhishma pierced those others in return with great speed. And as regards the arrows shot by those warriors, Bhishma, possessed of prowess in battle that was incapable of being baffled, equally checked them all with his own straight arrows.Ref - Bhishma Parva: Bhagavat-Gita Parva: Section CXXThe final attack -Then the diadem-decked (Arjuna), excited with rage and placing Sikhandin to the fore, approached Bhishma (nearer) and once more cut off his bow. And then piercing Bhishma with ten arrows, he cut off the latter's standard with one. And striking Bhishma's chariot with ten arrows, Arjuna caused him to tremble. The son of Ganga then took up another bow that was stronger. Within, however, the twinkling of an eye, as soon, in fact, as it was taken up, Arjuna cut that bow also into three fragments with three broad-headed shafts. And thus the son of Pandu cut off in that battle even all the bows of Bhishma. After that, Bhishma the son of Santanu, no longer desired to battle with Arjuna.Ref - Ref - Bhishma Parva: Bhagavat-Gita Parva: Section CXXIn a way Bhisma never got any opportunity to pick a bow and target Arjuna when he understood it was Arjuna who was attacking him.Arjuna was so fast in breaking his bows and simultaneously piercing his vitals that he went on losing the plot from that moment.	The proper question is, did either of them fight with each other using their full potential?At times, both did. At other times, no.Bhishma was, for all his enormous talent, an old man. The days of his fight with Parashurama were long gone. He wasn't decrepit, but he was no longer in the prime of his life either. The Bhishma who had fought with Parashurama would've scorched Kurukshetra, but this one was no pushover either as ultimately the pandavas were running out of time, options as well as warriors and soldiers. Moreover, he was weighed down both with guilt as well as the realization that he was heading the wrong team. Guilt, because of what happened to Draupadi and all the atrocities Duryodhana had committed over the years and he had essentially let him, bound by his vow, and realization that dharma was with the pandavas. All these factors certainly weighed him down a bit, but he was a Kshatriya warrior before anything else. He did lose his energy here and there, but there were times when he had no answer to Arjuna's attack. And those times pleased him immensely, because at those times he was genuinely defeated by his grandson. There was no pretense.Then there's Arjuna. He was greatly attached to both Bhishma as well as Drona. After losing Pandu, it was the both of them who had become father figures to him. He had even called Bhishma 'father' once in his childhood, probably because Bhishma was also attached to him and loved to dote on him, just like Pandu. Although Krishna had imparted the Gita to him, Arjuna hadn't been able to let go of his attachment completely. He did do his duty, but half heartedly. Krishna had to keep reminding him to pick his game up because Arjuna's heart just wasn't in his fight with Bhishma. There were times when he fought with full focus, but he was erratic at best.So actually both had an emotional block against treating each other like a foe, no matter the rhetoric they used in front of others. No matter how much Duryodhana goaded Bhishma, he would never have been able to bring himself to kill Arjuna. And killing Bhishma would've been impossible for Arjuna without Krishna and His Gita. And Shikhandi, because he was born to cause Bhishma's death.Personally, I find that the killing of Bhishma by Arjuna is one of the greatest tragic moments of the epic, because both loved each other and were forced to fight against each other. Bhishma had many grandsons although Arjuna was probably his favorite. But Arjuna had only one Pitamah and he was forced to kill him.	Yes Bhishma pitamah fought with all his might and lost intentionally as well. It was upon his hint to Krishna that Arjuna got the advice from Krishna to use shikhandi as a shield.Lord Krishna could have very well informed Arjuna since day one how to tackle Bhishma pitamah on the battlefield but withheld the information.Bhishma pitamah had “iccha mrityu” boon which meant that he had the ability to not only decide his time of death but also the manner. Thus Krishna was merely waiting for the appropriate moment.Bhishma pitamah had taken a vow that he would either annihilate the Pandavas or make Krishna break his vow of not lifting a weapon. When Bhishma pitamah saw Krishna lift the wheel of chariot which appeared to be like a weapon in the hands of Krishna, he became emotional, he finally realized the futility of the war and that he was not upholding Dharma by supporting Duryodhan which was his initial promise to his father and so he bows in front Krishna on the battlefield which was subtle hint of surrender at the feet of Lord Krishna.	As Roopal Garg Had already said that Both fought with their might at times and were mild on other person at other occasions. Those who have this myth that Bhishma would have killed Arjuna if he wanted to either have not read Mahabharat or have just watched TV series. Kindly read how badly Arjuna destroyed Bhishma who fought with full might on 3rd day. Here ARjuna once Angry was able to bring down Bhishma with his entire army. kauravas even ran away in fear.The biggest Myth is Krishna suggesting Shikandi when Arjuna was unable to Beat Bhishma. However Shikandi going to kill Bhishma was suggested even by Dristhdyumna a lot earlier. Using Shikandi was plan of Yudhishtir and Bhishma even before the war started. Krishna had no say in that plan. In fact Krishna was Angry on Arjuna for being mild on Bhishma. Krishna said that killing Bhishma was easy thing for Arjuna. To get the entire picture read these answers.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Who can defeat Bhishma in the Mahabharata?Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Why did Arjun attack unarmed Bhishma?	Arjuna was a skilled archer in fact one of the best archers during his time, but still he was no match to Bhishma. The sequence of events which led to war emotionally drained Bhishma because he did not want to see brothers fighting against each other. Bound by his vow to protect Hastinapur, he was forced to fight against Pandavas. Only his vow was his driving force.On the other hand, if you consider Arjuna, he got Bhagwad Geetha preaching from Krishna when he was emotionally drained before the war actually began. His mind and soul were very relaxed and he was mentally in a superior position to fight. That was not the case with Bhishma. If at all Bhishma had fought with his full might, he would have wiped out entire Pandavas (assuming Krishna is not fighting) in a single day. He also knew very well that he was fighting against Dharma which weakened him further as he was very noble in thoughts and deeds.In a one on one duel, Arjuna could have never defeated Bhishma or Dronacharya or Karna, if they were not against Dharma.	
How strong was Bhishma Pitamah	Strong in terms of what Physically, Mentally or strong with weapons? A vague question indeed!!Devavrat (Bhishma) was the son of Goddess Ganga & King Shantanu who helped Gods during their war with asuras.After his birth he was brought up and trained by many eminent sages such asDev Guru Brihaspati- Taught him the duties of King i.e. Dandaneeti.Daitya Guru Shukracharya - Taught him Political science & other Shashtra.Bramhrishi Vashistha - Taught him Vedas, Vedang & other Holy Scriptures.Rishi Chyavana - Imparted him lessons on Shashtra and Ayurveda.Rishi Sanatkumara - The eldest son of Bramha, taught Bhishma the Mental & Spiritual Science also known as Anvikshiki.Rishi Markandeya - The immortal sage who had boon of everlasting youth taught Bhishma the duties of Brahmins.Lord Parshurama - Made Bhishma proficient in Warfare and Weaponary and he too was so much dedicated that he defeated his Guru in an one on one combat earning reputation for being his favorite Shishya.It is also significant to note that Bhishma acquired many weapons from Gods such as Indra and Surya & finally he got boon from his father of being able to choose his time of death.Bhishma was an epitome of pleadge, valour, compassion, courage & righteousness. He in true manner was strong in all realms of life.	He was indeed demi god , he was son of mighty Ganga who’s very flow could have destroyed the whole planet and only lord Shiva could slow her flow.Bhisma was only mortal being whose education and training in warfare is done in heavens in mortal from that makes him unconquerable in any war situation .He has all the knowledge of everything existing in space time , he knows future and present .Though Bhisma born in most celebrated dynasty of Bharata lineage takes celebecy vow to protect his fathers interest , that makes him stongest person physiologically. his fathers bestows ‘’itcha mrtityu’’ making him unkillable by any means without his wish. Bhisma stays by his honour though his lineage faces near extinction in great war .So indeed Bhisma is strongest character mentally who lives 5 generations and bears the brunt of reason for destruction of his clans , he sees his own lineage engaged in bloodiest of war and himself being part of it , he bears the physical pain for next 6 months after he retires from the war and chooses time of his death after yudhisthira accends the throne , holding life for this long with whole body embodied with killer pains makes him physically absolutely very strong too .	Icha mrityu (A death on wish ) is A boon which makes him invincible . Not only just a scholar but warrior Son of goddess Ganga was added quality .There are three parameters in life Health wealth and wisdom He had all . Due to his boon it was impossible to defeat himHe was the only person who had recognition of Lord Kishna as god .I don't know strong is intended for what ? Bournvita / horlicks or any biscit consumer ?jai shree radhy Krishna	
Is doing reverse engineering of Mahabharata weapons possible	It is said that in that great war fourteen astras were used and the mantras for invoking and discharge of each of them were known only to Krishna and Arjuna. This has been mentioned in Swami Vedabharathi's booklet titled Bheeshma, pages 6 to 8.The late Himalayan master Swami Rama is said to have told his disciple contextually that he knows these mantras and the knowledge to discharge these weapons.The questioner can take over from here and draw his conclusions.	Possessing those weapons required a lot of mental stability and that’s the reason only very few warriors had Mahastras even during those times. They had to do penance for years to get them and there were strong guidelines established on their usage also only to uphold Dharma. The knowledge of those weapons was intentionally not passed to our generation of Kaliyuga because from Day 1 of Kaliyuga Dharma was set to decline. To give you an analogy on what happens if those weapons get into wrong hands, Ashwathaama is the best example. Whole creation would be put in danger. So, there is no way those powerful weapons can be engineered again.	I dont think that is possible. I am not to the very micro detail of this info.But I am so sure that there is oral words which will bring up the energy of diffrent weapons. Tv serials are hoax.	Yes, it is possible but for that shishya should rely on mantra diksha of Siddha Guru and not shabdic guru.Instead of reverse engineering, learning to use those weapons is more important.	
Was there any royal herd inspection in the Mahabharata	Yes. Cows are considered as a wealth and it was the duty of royals to maintain a huge herd of cows to support their needs. Every country had these herds and they regularly monitored them by appointing protectors and supervisors.We come across an incidence where cows of Virata were captured on both sides of the country simultaneously, by Susarma on South and by Duryodhana on the North.	
What did Krishna ask Vasudev to do	Lord Narayana and instructed Vasudeva, "I order you to take Me immediately to Gokula and exchange Me for the daughter who has just been born to Yashoda." Having spoken thus to His father and mother, the Lord turned back into an ordinary. As per the instruction, Vasudeva carried Lord Krishna to Gokula and exchanged his son for the baby girl newly born for Yashoda. Vasudeva returned to the prison with the baby girl. When Kamsa knew that the eighth child is born, he came running to kill the child. Devaki tried to persuade Kamsa not to kill the girl child. Kamsa, being threatened for his life, attempted to kill the child. Miraculously the child slipped from his hand and went up in the sky and appeared with eight arms as Goddess Durga, the younger sister of Vishnu. She proclaimed "The child who will kill you is already born before me somewhere within this world. Nanda Maharaja and Yashoda were not aware of what had happened in the night. Next day they celebrated the birth of Lord Krishna very joyfully. According to Vedic custom, Nanda Maharaja called for brahmanas and learned astrologers to perform the birth ceremony and make a horoscope for the newly born child. Nanda Maharaja distributed to the brahmanas 200,000 cows, which were well decorated with cloth and ornaments. Thus, the whole of Vraja was filled with spontaneous joy.	
Guru Drona denied taking Eklavya as a student for being Sudra Doesnt it mean the caste bias that we see today is thousands of years old even to the Mahabharata times	Drona represents a teacher with emotions . He has erred in a lot of places . He was always focused on impressing Bheeshma , you can see this in a lot of circumstances , The reason he gives to Ekalavya is that he [ Drona ] has promised Bheeshma that he will make Arjuna the greatest archer of all time . But he [Drona] had taught all the secrets of Archery to Ashwathama his son as well , Yet in another incident when he realizes that his son is killed [ A lie said by Yudhistira] he drops his weapons and surrenders himself to the enemy . Hence Drona, Bheeshma, Karna, Kripa all these people though were very knowledgeable were always biased in some form or the other .Drona is unfit to be a guru though he had the skills that were unreachable by ordinary mortals.Any Teacher who has volatile emotions is always biased . He is never a guru.Why don’t you take the example of Sai baba, Buddha, Adi Shankaracharya, Dattatreya , Dakshinamurthy these are the real gurus	
How many days did Krishna lift Govardhana Giri	Hare Krishna :)Krishna lifted the Govardhan hill for seven days and seven nights.It is mentioned that the dimensions of Govardhan hill was also huge much bigger than Everest even back in the day.Krishna lifted the Govardhan hill not by his right hand, but his left. Not by all the fingers but simply by the pinky finger. Not by the finger even but by the nails on his pinky finger could hold the Govardhan hill.Krishna lifting the Govardhan hill is very unique. It has been known that some great yogis are also able to lift hills and mountains. What is so unique about Krishna lifting the hill? The answer is the entire thousands of inhabitants of Vrindavan never experienced any suffering of thirst, hunger or sleep and they were situated in complete ecstasy for those seven days.There may be many Yogis but Krishna is the Yogeshwara he can take away the suffering of other living entities. These and many more miracles God can perform which other yogis can never perform.There is nothing surprising about this. Since Krishna is God and he made the world he can change the rules of this world by his sweet will.Thus one who surrenders to Krishna is liberated and does not need to perform too much activities to escape from the birth-death cycle, for mystic perfection or for material opulence. There is nothing in this world Krishna cannot do.	
How would the Mahabharata be with Duryodhanas perspective	Absolutely brilliant.In fact, it has already been done in a very old Kannada literature.It is called Rannana Gadhaayudhdha (Battle of Maces by the great Poet Ranna)In this poem, Duryodhana is the Hero and Bhima is the Villain.It starts off describing the situation of Duryodhana, hiding in the pond.Duryodhana is so angry, he is sweating, his blood is boiling because of the enemy, for they are responsible for the annihilation of the entire Kaurava clan.He is sitting inside the pond filled with cold water. But still, he is sweating out of sheer anger on Pandavas.Pandavas start mocking him on his family, his dead brothers, friends, his beloved uncle and his barely alive father, who also happens to be blind.Duryodhana's anger turns into rage and he comes out of the pond.He is given a choice to fight anyone among the Pandavas. If he wins, he can have the entire kingdom to himself.If he was cowardly, he could have chosen Nakula and Sahadeva for a mace fight.But, he is the irreplaceable warrior as his name suggests. So he chooses a person of his caliber and size for the final battle. He chooses Bhima.The bout begins and within few minutes Bhima is put on the ground by the great Duryodhana.It goes on telling how Duryodhana fought fearlessly and loyally according to the rules of the mace fight. Bhima couldn't beat him fair and square in the battle. Hence the cowardly Bhima went for a low-blow and thus fell down the great warrior Duryodhana.With his fall, the glory of the great Kaurava clan came to an end.All this is beautifully explained in the Gadhaayudhdha poem written by the great Kannada poet Ranna.We studied this poem in our high school and were absolutely delighted to find a different version of Mahabharata.I loved it very much.To be honest I was bored of the same rhetoric about Kauravas being bad and Pandavas being very good.Because, according to me, that concept just a hogwash.	I am really amazed at why people want to see Duryodhana perspective. So many novels and quora users defending him right now.I just want to know what could be perspective of a person who was so greedy that even though he got a flourising empire and his cousins got a barren land, he wanted to still ruin them.What could be perspective of a person who insulted her own sister in law?What could be perspective of a person who when rejected by Kalinga princess in Swaymwar abducted her and that too he couldn’t do it by himself. Karna did it for him.All efforts of spinning the narrative and turning Duryodhana into a hero are just efforts of millions of people in daily life who lust for their sister in laws , blame woman for all problems and even eye property of their brothers and cousins. All these millions of people who have filed suits in courts for what that doesn’t belong to them and all those who on TV and other media lash out at woman have his POV. you don’ t need Anand neelkanthan novel full of lies to study that POV. You will get in every corner of this country.Go to a college nearby and some goons or boys will be standing there and blaming a girl who rejected them and even thinking of taking revenge on her.Some of the misconceptions about Duryodhana which I want to deal with!) Duryodhana new aura comes from a fake story that he gave a lower caste Karna place of king. Absolute Rubbish!! Any one who has read MB knows that Durydodhan clearly said that Radha was a doe who cannot give birth to lion like karna. He openly declared that karna like pandavas, DRona and even kartikeya was of divine origin and not a Suta. He doubted him to be Kshtriay who was adopted by Adirath and took him as a counter to Arjuna. Mb even makes it clear that Durydohana was friend of karna prior to that incident and even Adirath was friend of Dhritrashtra. Even Karna was student of Drona as per Adi parva, Shanti parva and Vana parva of Mahabharat. I have replied to such things in past with all proofs form different editions of Mahabharat.2) Duryodhana was a brave man who chose Bhima and fought with honor. Well, I have to admit that at last he fought for only thing he could salvage. But then again place yourself in feet of Durydodhana.What other options he had?What kind of sane man actually believes that if Durydoahna had chosen Nakul or sahdev and even beaten them , he would have ruled?Anyone who had iota of intelligence and knew Krishna also knew that no matter what Yudhishtir does in the end Krishna would some how get his job done. So better die with honor. Did Shishupal survive him? Did any of Krishna hit list espace no matter how much they tried? Yes, it was brave step by Duryodhana but that doesn’t prove he was the hero.Same readers should also see that in Mahabharat war same Duryodhana was spared by Abhimanyu, Satyaki, Arjuna all because of oath of Bhima. Even Yudhishtir broke his bow, tore his armor and Duryodhana fell. Then at right moment Bhima shouted from far and stopped Yudhishtir from killing him and reminded of his oath stating that brother don’t kill him I will only slay him.Well, Kudos to Duryodhana for his last fight and also his skill. Even though he was evil but I cannot stop myself for admiring him from putting effort for 13 years to tackle Bhima who was many times superior to him in strength. But mace is a great equalizer. Remember same shalya who was toyed by Bhima with fun in Draupadi swaymwar was able to knock Bhima down for some time with mace in Mahabharat war. Although hit by Bhima he too fell down and was saved by Kritverma. But it shows that who are more skilled and fast outpace angry rivals in mace fight. Bhima losing cool and focus was his Achilles heal.3) There is a whole class of people who blame Drauapdi for calling him son of a blind man. But that is just for generating sympathy for him. In all authentic editions Draupadi never did that. Only Bhima laughed at him and thus Krishna and others which is quite common in such scenario. In Vyasa version Duryodhana on the other hand praised Draupadi unintentionally that she served Handicapped and poor people daily and feed many Brahmins and saints. So this narrative shows that Duryodhana was only jealous of their wealth which he admitted. Star plus fake shastraharan drama or BR chopra also having that scene are errors. It is result of a 8th century drama where it was scene in a drama show.Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to was duryodhan so bad as shown in mahabharat?Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to What are your views on Duryodhana's character in the Mahabharata?Anmol Kumar Sharma's answer to Why did Duryodhana have the character he had?	Duryodhan's character has been made opposite in Bhaas' Urubhangam.You can call the genre historical fiction, where Bhaas, may call him the King of Shok Ras. Bhaas has made us believe that Duryodhan was actually a nice guy, and had changed at his death bed. And Bheem was actually the bad guy, who hit him on his lap. Baldev is angry over Bheem and Duryodhan is the one to calm down Baldev.I think if I write ahead, I'll give so many spoilers. 2 I already gave. Better read it yourself.	Excellent !It all depends upon the author imaginary skills.For eg : Anand Neelakantan book “Ajaya rise of kali” where MB is told in Duryodhana’s perspective. As winners will alter history or books.Team Duryo : Duryo, Dushasana, Aswathama n Karna are best buddies	
Did Maharshi Veda vyasa in Srimad Bhagavad Gita mention or indicate that Lord Krishna is the Bhagaban or God or the creator of the creation and Paramatma How did Ved vyasa come to know about it	Lord Krishna never disguised that He is God. That is why this incarnation of Lord Vishnu is also called PurNavataar (i.e. Full incarnation or incarnation of God in His full majesty). He says this at quite a few places in Bhagwad Gita. Not only this, He shows that He is God at different times in Mahabharata e.g.a) While an infant He kills Pootnaa, a she-demon with his tiny handsb) In his early childhood, while playing in mud he eats earth soil. Mother Yashoda gets angry and lifts her stick to beat Him. He says hat He has never eaten earth soil. Yashoda becomes even more angry and asks Him to open His mouth, Lord Krishna opens His mouth and Yashoda sees the whole of the universe floating inside His mouth.c) When whole of Mathura was going to be drowned in the heavy downpour of rains made by Lord Indra, He raises whole of Govardhan on his one finger though He also asked all others to put their stick beneath as support !d) There are many such events of miracle that He did in his childhood.e) When Duryodhana didn’t listen His advice for doing justice to the Pandavas and thus avoid war, he tried to take Lord Krishna captive. Lord Krishna took Vishwaroopa (that of the Universe) form and that brought Duryodhana to senses and he accepted that Lord Krishna is Bhagwan Himself.f) While Mahabharata was in progress, when Arjuna hit Karna’s chariot, it used to go thousands of steps back but Lord Krishna never praised him. When Karna struck Arjuna’s chariot with his arrows, it went back by three steps and Lord Krishna praised Karna’s valor ! When Arjuna asked why He didn’t praise Him and praised Karna. He said, “ Just think I am sitting on this chariot with the weight of the three worlds and he is able to throw you back three steps !”g) When after war, Devaki wanted to see he other six sons who were killed by Kansa, at first he tries to persuade her not to do it as it was against the laws of nature and because her own sons would not recognize her and would pain her. But she didn’t listen. Then following His worldly Mother’s request, He takes her to Rishi Loka and asks her to meet 6 meditating Rishis saying that those were her six sons. The six sons not only didn’t recognize her but also ridiculed her for her thinking colored by MAyA.So, Lord Krishna never ever was shy of showing that He Himself was Omnipotent God.	The definition of Bhagawan is ‘ऐश्वयर्स्य समग्रस्य वीयर्स्य यशसः िश्रयः । ज्ञानवैराग्ययोश्चैव षण्णां भग इतीरणा "As I am not sure whether the copy/paste of the definition of Bhagawan in Sanskrit will be successful or readable in the answer, I am writing the Sanskrit definition of Bhagwan in English; ‘aishwaryasya samagrasya, veeryasya yasashah sriyah. Jnaana vairagyayoschaiva shannaam bagha Itheerana.Now to explanation: one who is endowed with six bagaas in full measure (baagyams) is a baghwan. The six bagaas are 1) aishwaryam - Royalty, opulence; 2) veeryam - strength and courage, 3) Yasah - worldly fame, 4) Sri: wealth, 5) jnaana - complete knowledge, 6) vairaagya: absolute detachment and dispassion.Vyasa was aware of this definition given by his father, sage Parasara. He was also aware or had learnt of a senior sage, Sri Krishna, who had the perfect knowledge known as ‘madhuvidhya’ (there is a reference to such a sage in Chandogya upanisad, apparently before Vyasa). While writing Mahabharatha, there may have been a historical Krishna who helped Arjuna in the Kurukshetra war. Vyasa in his presentation beautifully superimposed the definition of Bagawan on the real Sri Krishna (a brave warrior who helped Arjuna but in real life may not have done all miracles). By doing this, Vyasa has successfully presented the entire Vedic messages, Upanishadic knowledge and based on Vedic messages and Upanishadic knowledge, a practical way of living the life experiencing happiness and sadness, victory and defeat, gains and losses, praises and insults, royalty and nomadic, etc. At the same time, through Bagawad Gita the great Maharishi Vyasa has given us the entire ‘madhuvidhya’. The teachings of Sri Krishna through Bagawad Gita could also be taken as wise words of Vyasa, because he himself, was named ‘Krishna’ by his mother Sathyavathi, due to his dark colour. Thus we have the freedom to accept Sri Krishna as a Bhagwan and as an avatar. To all persons including an atheist or a rational person (who does not want to believe the existence of 1000s years old history), the Bhagawad Gita or some portions alone will give all the complete knowledge, develop a strong determination, a courageous and confident manner and innate strength to lead a contented life. To persons seeking knowledge of the higher philosophies, the Bhagawad Gita is also excellent, because through 11th chapter, Sri Krishna shows the Advaitha (non-duality) Darshana and through 12th chapter, we have the Bakthi yoga to explain the duality. Think over these and you will wonder at the expansive knowledge which Vyasa ‘Bhagwan’ has contributed to humanity.	Maharshi the title given to a rishi as you have mentioned is the key. Rishis understood humans well and Maharshi’s understood god well. Since Maharshi Vedavyasa understood Bhagavan Krishna well, he came to know that he is indeed a paramatma	
In Mahabharat how did Madri have two twins from two different gods Did she make love with both Ashwini brothers	Ashwinis themselves are not just brothers but identical twins.They have control over health, wellness, horses and medicines.Perhaps, the author says that since the Ashwini themselves are twins, their sons are also twins. They might be fraternal twins.	As Ashwin gods were both doctors and Gods, nothing was impossible for them. Madri asked for twins and they blessed her with that, being capable of that feat.	
What is the name of Arjuna s sacred chunk	Devadatta was the name of his sacred chunk.	
Why did the Pandavas make Draupadi to lead them towards the Matsya king but made her to follow while going to the forest for 12 years	Thanks for A2A.Good observation. Draupadi walked last at the begining of the exile but she was walking first when they proceeded towards Matsyadesh.(Excerpt.)agniM pradakShiNaM kRRitvA brAhmaNA.nshcha tapodhanAn |yAj~nasenIM puraskRRitya ShaDevAtha pravavrajuH || 49|And walking round those fires and round the Brahmanas of ascetic wealth, the six set out, placing Yajnaseni in their front. (Excerpt.)May beI feel, fresh from Jayathratha incident Pandavas are highly anxious and apprehensive regarding Draupadi’s safety. So they just placed her in the front and walked behind her.Begining of the Exile.When they commenced their exile they walked towards the forest with Draupadi being the last in order. That time they were too distressed and sad to plan and do anything. They were humiliated along with their wife in the filthiest manner by their cousins. Draupadi walked last with hair disheveled indicating the plight of the Kuru women after 13 years.Only for a short whileThough Draupadi led them first she was unable to continue with her journey .Arjuna carried her to the outskirts of Matsyadesh.Not the first to enter the services at Virat kingdom.Draupadi did not lead others towards Matsya king. The order in which the six of them entered the services of king was thus given. Yudhishtir, Bhim, Draupadi, Sahadev, Arjun and Nakul. This was the order in which they enrolled in their duties in Virat kingdom.I don’t find any other significance for Draupadi taking the lead but would definitely welcome more insight reg the same.Footnotes-Bori Critical Edition Of Mahabharata Virat Parva ch. 4.Kisari Mohan Ganguli Mahabharata English Translation Virat Parva Sec IV.	I really don't think or thought this way...May be because of keechak who fall for women will give job to her easily and through her everyone who see points will get job.Or since the last day created so many problem for Draupadi hence all 5 wants to keep and eye on her to make sure she is safe....Who knows.... Need opinion from vyasar......	
What made Lord Krishna a womanizer and thief in his childhood	Perhaps the perverted mentality of people who have spread these blatant lies as fact!In reality Lord Krishna was not a womanizer. He has nothing to do with any woman form of this material world. He is a spiritual being and only spiritual things attract him.Vedic scriptures, the source to know about Lord Krishna, tell us that Lord Krishna is God. Scriptures tell that Lord Krishna is Adi Purush or the prime enjoyer. This means that he is the original personality who expanded himself in infinitely many forms, so as to enjoy loving relationship with them. All the living entities - either in liberated state or in bound state - are his eternal part & are meant to enjoy with him. Now how does Krishna enjoys?He dances, he plays flute, he plays pranks! He runs, he fights, he teases! He cries, he loves, he laughs!He doesn’t engages in time-pass relationships that many lusty men & women of today do. He has eternal relationships & he plays his different roles perfectly. Now, a reader might think that how this propaganda of Lord Krishna being a womanizer came into being!The answer for the same is that there are certain group of people who are envious of God. When they hear that Lord Krishna had 16,108 wives, they pull out their moral sticks to measure the ethical nature of this information. Little do they realize that while doing so they are exposing their own ignorance. Following is the story about 16,108 queens:In Srimad Bhagavatam it is said that demoniac king Narakasura kidnapped some 16,108 princesses & women of royal families. They prayed to Lord Krishna & asked for his shelter. On hearing the prayers of surrendered souls, Lord Krishna immediately rushed to the spot where princesses were held. He killed Narakasura as well as freed all the princesses. But, there was a big dilemma now!The princesses, seeing the paurusha (heroic act) of Lord Krishna were even more attracted towards him. They wanted Lord Krishna as their husband. They also gave the reasoning that since we were kidnapped, our families might not accept us. Even if they will accept us then also nobody will marry us. Seeing this dilemma, Lord Krishna accepted them as their wives. Also, since he is Bhakta Vatsala, he would never deny any request of surrendered devotees.Now, there is one more finer detail in this historic incident. Lord Krishna didn’t accepted these women as secondary queens, but they were given the status of queens of Lord Krishna. Krishna, by his mystic potency, manifested 16,108 palaces. He also divided himself in 16,108 forms & was personally present with each queen. All this incidents are mentioned in Srimad Bhagavatam & even Sri Narada Muni got bewildered seeing such mystic potency of Lord Krishna.Now, after hearing about the mystic acts of Lord Krishna one might discard all this as ‘myth’. Personally speaking, I have no problem with that. But if someone is discarding one part of Srimad Bhagavatama as fake then he/she has to discard the whole story as fake. Cherrypicking doesn’t works in spiritual realm.One cannot say that since I do not like E equals m c squared, hence I will call it E equals m squared c. Similarly, in the realm of spirituality, either one has to accept the whole text or reject it. This cherrypicking has done huge damage to the society.Nowadays people are more confused about God than ever before. This has led to fighting with each other for their ‘God’. They pick a statement from the scripture without any context & use it to wage verbal fight with the opposite camp. Such sectarian feelings have literally destroyed the spiritual fabric of the world. Fabric, which helped us in living a peaceful life. Fabric, which can help us live together with love.	No, no ,no, no, no not at all, he is the Supreme Lord, how can he be a womanizer? First of all, all that he does is a lila, stealing makkhan and recieving punishment from Maiya Yashoda , and then saying “ main nahi makkhan khayo”, is all a part of his transcendental lila, this lila of vrindavan is something which gives immense pleasure to the devotees, he does all this for the sake of giving pleasure and ecstacy of highest order to his devotees .And talking of the dance of Krishna woth the gopis, in the Brahma Samhita, it is clearly mentioned thaf these gopis are the expansions of Krishna and Radha, so Krishna and Radha are dancing with their expansions only, so there is no sort of vulgarness involved ,it is the raas lila of Vrindavan, completely spiritual, and the love of highest order, so this from the scriptures , clearly proves that Krishna was not at all a womaniser, and not a thief , but the supreme lord himself .	Dear questioner, what an ignorant soul you are.Krishna left Vrindavan when he was just 11 years old.he was not even a man to be a womanizer when he left Vrindavan.Have you spend a considerable time in reading Bhagvatam and chanting the holy name of Krishna. Have you found a real Guru who can tell you the hidden meaning of the verses of Bhagvatam?Have you ever cried and shed tears after remembering the pastimes of shri krishna?If no, how dare you ask such questions on Krishna.have some divine qualities, have some devotion and have some wisdom to understand who is Krishna.	Its a very good question. Nobody gets Krishna correctly. He is like the ' elephant surrounded by 6 blind men'. Everybody understand him in their own way. But nobody gets the organic whole. Because it supersedes logic. It is not limited by personality. He is life. Totally present and adaptable to the situation. Like a fluid intelligence should be. One without ego. Here is a description of Krishna from a celebrated mystic.Krishna is of great significance to the future. And his significance will grow with passage of time. When the glow and glamour of godmen and Messiah has disappeared, when the suppressive religions have been confined to waste basket of history, Krishna flame will be heading towards its peak. It will be so because for the first time man will be able to understand him.'It is really arduous to understand Krishna. It is easy to understand that a man should run away from the world to find peace, but it is difficult to accept that one can find peace right in the thick of marketplace. It is understandable that a man can attain purity of mind if he breaks from attachments but it is difficult to realize one can remain unattached and innocent in the very midst of relationships and attachments. One can remain calm in the center of cyclone. How can a candle remain steady among raging storms and hurricanes.While the Krishna of the bhagwat is dancing and celebrating, the Krishna of Geeta stand on battlefield amidst war and battle.' Taken from the book- Krishna: the man and his mission. By osho.	Lord Krishna is not a womaniser. He is misinterpreted to be one. One should learn Bhagavatam to know the reason behind each action of his.	Lord Krishna was not a womanizer. Actually we don't know the real meaning of raasleela and think that he was a theif or a womanizer. Firstly we should know and search about the meaning of raasleela and then we will answer this but it's a humble request that don't think ever that he have such a personality in his childhood.	
Could Duryodhana have defeated Kichaka in a hand to hand combat	Yes.	
Why did Shri Krishna make sure that Mahabharata war took place when he himself knew that it will lead to fall of Vedic culture and the Supremacy of Bharat	He wants to establish that the bad will not win the good at any cost. He thought that if it was understood by everyone, then no Vedic culture and supremacy of Bharat comes fall down and this will be soon understood by everyone with Lord Krishna's grace…	Jai Madhab NilanjanAs I learnt from my Guru Madhab Nilanjan, at About Us - Kalpataru Jagaran SanghaKrishna is the Supreme Consciousness encased in the core of heart, known as the Kutastha Chaitanya. The term Krishna symbolizes a combination of three identifying characteristics, as shown below and hence He is the Supreme Consciousness.Krishna = Akarshan + Karshan + VikarshanAkarshan = the Divine power to attract anyone without the external sensual gratifications of sight, smell, sound, taste and touch.Karshan = to nurture & cultivate the latent Seed of the Divine sown within, which leads to transformation in character;Vikarshan = produce the fruit of the harvest in Karshan i.e. Illuminate, awaken humanity in the person who went through Aakarshan and Karshan by the GuruKrishna is Omnipresent - the Avatari (Incarnation) at the end of Dwapara Yuga was the manifestation of this Krishna-Power in human form. But this Power is Eternal and Omnipresent. If this power becomes fully manifest in any human form, He is the Guru.After His Incarnation a few thousand years ago the contemporary sages and wise men (Rishis) identified Him as such considering the manifestation of His Divine qualities (Sada-Aishwarya) e.g. grace, prowess, sublimity, fame, wisdom and renunciation. So Lord Krishna had all the divine accomplishments to proclaim Himself as the Guru and He demonstrated the Role of The Guru [and Arjuna the Role of a Shishya or disciple], although He didn’t manifest His Leela as a Guru-leela. Krishna demonstrated in Gita how the Divine Consciousness in the form of Guru inspires the Tej-Shakti or the Fire element (Arjuna), subdued & exiled by the extrovert mind under the overwhelming influence of sensual desire along with its associate impulses and attachments, to be infused with the divine prerogative to redeem the Kingdom of the Self and restore the character of Humanity within. Arjuna means “Rajju dwara baddho” i.e. One who is tightly bound by the rope of attachment, is the universal representation of a disciple, in search of Truth. Like the dilemma of Arjuna, demonstrated in the initial chapters of Gita, we too consider these extrovert constituents of the body as our most beloved relatives and never dream of reclaiming the Kingdom of Self (which is our Divine Prerogative) by cutting through the excesses of the sensual desires and attachments. Here, the role of the Guru is to slowly but steadily illuminate the Illusion / ignorance of the disciple and inspire him/her to wake up [by inspiring the fire element] from the deep slumber and raise up arms against the extrovert tendencies of the mind by walking the path of order and harmony, as instructed by the Guru. Even after going through the 18 chapters of the Gita, when Arjuna or the disciple is still in two minds to walk the difficult path of fight against the impulses, the Guru needs to overwhelm the disciple using His Divine Power [Guru-Shakti], as demonstrated by Krishna in His Vishwaroop-Darshan to Arjun. After the victory in this war [the embodiment of the Struggle Within], Arjuna came to be known as Partha [i.e. one who has overcome the Parthiva or worldly attachments]. This internal war, known as the Sadhan–Samar, exemplified in each Faith by the various Incarnations of the Divine and Enlightened Souls as Dharm-Yudh or Inner Crusade or Jihad-e-Akbar is the prerequisite to return to the Kingdom of Self. This is the Act of the Guru to inspire the disciple to walk this path and guide him/her through it till the end.By waging the grand war in the battlefield of Kurukshetra, Lord Krishna has metaphorically taught us the principles for establishing the kingdom of individual Self within the human body itself. All the Dramatis personae are there within the body; take Dhritarashtra, the grand chieftain of the Kauravas, for an example. He is blind but a usurper, so also the mind is [the mind is blind itself, it experiences the external world through the senses, forms perceptions through the other faculties and attributes, but as a king, wills or dictates command, as it’s power is the will force]. As Dhritarashtra used to rule the kingdom with the help of Gandhari and their hundred sons, mind also rules the body with the help of desire, his inspiring energy, six impulses and innumerable attributes to attachment (Sata Vritti). In spite of her vision Gandhari remains blindfolded; like Gandhari sensual desire acts blind although it has the knowledge that such intoxicated pursuit may not be Right. As Dhritarashtra personifies the mind, Gandhari is that of the material attachment (Pravritti) and her hundred sons symbolize innumerable mental impulses. Duryodhana, the eldest son of Dhritarashtra is the desire personified in the epic tale of The Mahabharata. Dushasana is anger (Krodha). Shakuni, the schemer is illusion (Moha) and when he acts in aid of sensual desires, he ensures destruction of desire in the long run. Dronacharya is intelligence enshrouded by tradition and superstition (Sanskarak Buddhi). Bhisma is the symbol of individual ego (Asmita, i.e. the ego-sense of me and mine without the realization of “I”). Until the ego surrenders before the feet of the Guru, establishment of the Righteous Kingdom of Self remains a far cry. They all constitute the extrovert and demonic forces within the body.Now let us have a look to the Pandavas who are the benign forces within and always struggle to establish the kingdom of Self within the body. Pandu stands for guile-free intelligence (like the pure innocent intelligence of a child that gradually tarnishes as one age). His wife Kunti stands for restraint (Nivritti) that restricts our sub-human thoughts and actions and always come in aid of being wise. As the story of Mahabharata unfolds, Pandu dies at an early age - so does our innocence at the onset of adolescence. The five Pandava brothers are the five elements that constitute our body (Panch-Bhoot). Sahadeva (literally Sahan + Deva i.e. the deva who withstands all pain), the youngest, is the element of earth that is responsible for the harder scaffold of the body containing bone, flesh, skin, veins, arteries and hair. This hard form is simply the cage for the vital force within and protects it by absorbing any external shock itself. Sahadeva stands for simplicity (Saralta), one of the basic and primary characteristic of Humanity **.[** like the Incarnation of Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa often used to say – “So many learned scholars, eminent personalities came to me but I couldn’t kindle the Spirit of Consciousness in them. However, I could easily kindle the Divine Spirit in these young lads (like Swami Vivekananda and the other monastic disciples who later spread Ramakrishna Mission) but for one reason, they were all Saral (simple).”]The next elder Nakula (literally Na + Kula, denoting an endless span of water), is the element of water in the body denoting all fluid in it. Mixed with harder things water makes them softened and he stands for humility (Namrata) in nature, another key tenet of Humanity’s character. The third Pandava, Arjuna, is the element of fire. It generates energy and energy generates magnanimity (Sahishnuta) in character. Magnanimity begets tolerance. The next elder Bhima is the element of air. Air provides vital breath in the body. He had immense strength like vital breath which gets stronger being regulated when associated with devotion, which is the true essence of Pranayama. Bhima broke the thigh of Duryodhana, the erotic desire as the thigh is the seat of eros. And Bhima stands for liberality (Udarta), which becomes expressive when the erotic desire is contained. The first Pandava, Yudhisthira, is the element of ether (Akasha or Boam), denoting the empty spaces in the body. The limitless void is the inspiration for fulfillment. It craves to be filled in, but that never happens; it ever expands. Holding the universe within itself it remains the same. It is called the grand upholder of faith. This element is responsible for expansion or universality (Prasharta) in human character. Thus, simplicity (Saralta), humility (Namrata), magnanimity & tolerance (Sahishnuta), liberality (Udarta) and expansion or universality (Prasharta) are symbolized in five Pandava brothers and these five qualities constitute the character of Manhood or Humanity (Manushyata i.e. Being Human).Overwhelmed by desires and attachments when the mind rules over the human affairs, the five Pandavas, symbolical of five essential qualities of humanity, are compelled to go to exile; and while in exile being guided by Krishna, the Supreme Consciousness, their attempt to redeem the Kingdom of Self by waging a devastating war is an apt example of proper form of atonement. Those who fell in the battlefield actually belonged to the mental plane and were incapable of establishing the Kingdom of Self (Atma-Rajya).In fact, the seat of Sahadeva is in Muladhara Chakra, Nakula in Sadhisthan Chakra, Arjuna in Manipura Chakra, Bhima in Anahata Chakra and Yudhishthira in Visudhha Chakra. As part of His Leela, when Krishna acted as the last envoy of Peace to stop the Kurukshetra war and asked for 5 villages for the 5 brothers, He metaphorically demonstrated if Truth is established in these 5 Chakras, automatically it leads to the Awakening and fall of the Kingdom of extrovert mind (Mana-Rajya) under the influence of Kama. However, Duryodhana (Kama) didn’t agree to this and war followed.As explained by Sree Guru Madhab Nilanjan, the message from Krishna in Gita - “Swadharme nidhanam shreyah, paradharmo bhayabaho” denotes - it is better to die trying to attain human character rather than losing one’s Humanity (which is the true religion of mankind).(for details, please visit Madhava Philosophy , Shree Nilanjan’s Speech , Life versus Liberation , The Solution - Kalpataru Jagaran Sangha)Regards.	My understanding is that during Krishna / Mahabharatha period itself, the quality, caliber, the sense of righteousness and commitment to dharma were at the lowest ebb, particularly amidst Kshatriyas.We must remember that one of the purpose of arrival of Lord Krishna as an Avatar was to conceed to the prayer of Bhooma devi (Mother Earth) who requested Bhagwan Vishnu to reduce the excessive 'weight' of population of evil doers on the earth causing her suffering.Thus Krishna came to oversee a massive destruction, which was the need of the time.He only supervised the massive destrucion of warriors, kings and soldiers, without personally participating in the Mahabharata war.His own clan of Yadavas, Vrishnis and Andakas were in no way any better in following dharma and ruling their country righteously. His clan of kshatriyas became drunkards and has no control of their senses and animal passions. So, through his divine play, he created a civil war and all the yadavas attacked each other with pestles in a gory internal fight in which he himself actively participated and killed many.Having completed his duty of avatar and having thus satisfied Bhooma devi's prayers, Krishna allowed the random shot of an arrow from a hunter to kill him and departed to Vaikuntha.It was a predestined fact that Kali yuga would soon follow, in which dharma would be in its lowest amidst all classes of people.Perhaps Krishna ensred that the population was brought to manageable propotions with all the evils associated with kali yuga!	The birth of Asuras and their subsequent activities requested Bhoomadevi to approach Brahma to reduce burden on her. Brahma directed Devas to take birth on Earth for this and with the request of Devas Narayana took the form of Krishna. It is mentioned in Aadi Parva, Chapter 64. Plus, in addition, if you think everyone during that time were pure and dignified, I would like to go and read the Shishupaala’s scolding of Krishna. Even some of today’s atheists won’t go to that level of scolding. Hence, Adharma existed even at that point but, every time this play of Him will be completed by Him alone.	Life on planet earth goes through cycles of cosmic events. For instance, Kaliyuga was scheduled to begin 5000 years ago. Kaliyuga signals a period on earth characterized by quarrel and hypocrisy and a population befallen by ignorance and sin. And Krishna doesn’t mess with that. In fact, He facilitates it.Kaliyuga is an opportunity for extremely sinful people to flourish. To accommodate the sinful desires of those people, Krishna allows for the age of Kali to regularly occur.Now, we talk about Krishna as a given. He is part of the Vedic pantheon of gods. But it is a very rare occurrance that God descends personally to Earth in order to display His superhuman pastimes and reclaim the fallen souls.It only happens once in a day of Brahma or every 8 billion years or so.IOW, we are extremely lucky to have been born at period in time where God personally descended. And every time Krishna descends He is followed by Chaitanya Mahaprabhu, who is Krishna Himself come to play as His own devotee.Krishna wanted to taste what the love of Radharani for Him feels like, because even Krishna is mystified by the intensity of Radha’s love for Him. So He descends as Chaitanya Mahaprabhu to experience that love.Srimate Radharani is even more merciful towards the fallen souls than Krishna, and in Her mood Mahaprabhu appeared 500 years in Bengal to save everyone by propagating the Hare Krishna mantra, so that the ignorant people of Kaliyuga would have an easy way of salvation.Kaliyuga is the worst of ages, but in this particular Kaliyuga, which is one out 1000 Kaliyugas, salvation has been made easily accessible. That is the inconceivable mercy of God. In this age, simply by chanting the holy names of God, one can be delivered.Sri Narada says:In the age of Kali, intelligent persons perform congregational chanting to worship the incarnation of Godhead who constantly sings the names of Krsna. Although His complexion is not blackish, He is Krishna Himself. He is accompanied by His associates, servants, weapons and confidential companions. —SB 11.5.32Hridayananda Maharaja explains:This same verse is quoted by Krsnadasa Kaviraja in the Chaitanya-charitamrta, Adi-lila, Chapter Three, verse 52.His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada has given the following commentary on this verse:"This text is from Srimad-Bhagavatam (11.5.32). Srila Jiva Gosvami has explained this verse in his commentary on the Bhagavatam known as the Krama-sandarbha, wherein he says that Lord Krishna also appears with a golden complexion.“That golden Lord Krishna is Lord Chaitanya, who is worshiped by intelligent men in this age. That is confirmed in Srimad-Bhagavatam by Garga Muni, who said that although the child Krishna was blackish, He also appears in three other colors -- red, white and yellow. He exhibited His white and red complexions in the Satya and Treta ages respectively. He did not exhibit the remaining color, yellow -- gold, until He appeared as Lord Chaitanya, who is known as Gaurahari."Srila Jiva Gosvami explains that krsna-varnam means Sri Krishna Chaitanya. Krishna-varnam and Krishna Chaitanya are equivalent. The name Krishna appears with both Lord Krishna and Lord Chaitanya Krishna. Lord Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu is the Supreme Personality of Godhead, but He always engages in describing Krishna and thus enjoying transcendental bliss by chanting and remembering His name and form. Lord Krishna Himself appears as Lord Chaitanya to preach the highest gospel.“Varnayati means 'utters' or 'describes.' Lord Chaitanya always chants the holy name of Krishna and describes it also, and because He is Krishna Himself, whoever meets Him will automatically chant the holy name of Krishna and later describe it to others. He injects one with transcendental Krishna consciousness, which merges the chanter in transcendental bliss. In all respects, therefore, He appears before everyone as Krishna, either by personality or by sound. Simply by seeing Lord Chaitanya one at once remembers Lord Krishna. One may therefore accept Him as vishnu-tattva. In other words, Lord Chaitanya is Lord Krishna Himself."Sangopangastra-parsadam further indicates that Lord Chaitanya is Lord Krishna. His body is always decorated with ornaments of sandalwood and with sandalwood paste. By His superexcellent beauty He subdues all the people of the age. In other descents the Lord sometimes used weapons to defeat the demoniac, but in this age the Lord subdues them with His all-attractive figure as Chaitanya Mahaprabhu.“Srila Jiva Gosvami explains that His beauty is His astra, or weapon, to subdue the demons. Because He is all-attractive, it is to be understood that all the demigods lived with Him as His companions. His acts were uncommon and His associates wonderful. When He propagated the sankirtana movement, He attracted many great scholars and acharyas, especially in Bengal and Orissa. Lord Chaitanya is always accompanied by His best associates like Lord Nityananda, Advaita, Gadadhara and Srivasa."Srila Jiva Gosvami cites a verse from the Vedic literature that says that there is no necessity of performing sacrificial demonstrations or ceremonial functions. He comments that instead of engaging in such external, pompous exhibitions, all people, regardless of caste, color or creed, can assemble together and chant Hare Krishna to worship Lord Chaitanya. Krsna-varnam tvisakrsnam [SB 11.5.32] indicates that prominence should be given to the name Krishna.“Lord Chaitanya taught Krishna consciousness and chanted the name of Krishna. Therefore, to worship Lord Chaitanya, everyone should together chant the maha-mantra -- Hare Krishna, Hare Krishna, Krishna Krishna Hare Hare / Hare Rama, Hare Rama, Rama Rama, Hare Hare“To propagate worship in churches, temples or mosques is not possible because people have lost interest in that. But anywhere and everywhere, people can chant Hare Krishna. Thus worshiping Lord Chaitanya, they can perform the highest activity and fulfill the highest religious purpose of satisfying the Supreme Lord."Srila Sarvabhauma Bhattacarya, a famous disciple of Lord Chaitanya, said: 'The principle of transcendental devotional service having been lost, Sri Krishna Chaitanya has appeared to deliver again the process of devotion. He is so kind that He is distributing love of Krishna. Everyone should be attracted more and more to His lotus feet, as humming bees are attracted to a lotus flower.' "“The incarnation of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu is also described in the Sri Vishnu-sahasra-nama, which appears in Chapter 189 of the Dana-dharma-parva of Mahabharata.“Srila Jiva Gosvami has quoted this reference as follows: suvarna-varno hemango varangas chandanangadi. "In His early pastimes He appears as a householder with a golden complexion. His limbs are beautiful, and His body, smeared with the pulp of sandalwood, seems like molten gold."“He has also quoted, sannyasa-krc chamah santo nistha-santi-parayanah: "In His later pastimes He accepts the sannyasa order, and He is equipoised and peaceful. He is the highest abode of peace and devotion, for He silences the impersonalist nondevotees."	If the mahabaratha war hadn't happen the kauravas would have taken our the world and he will change the rituals and Vedic culture to misuse them and there will only be sorrows and 'ADHRMA' and slowly the end of world. Sree Krishna seeing this mass destruction , for the welfare of culture and humans he knew the kurukshetra yuda was only way. So even when Arjuna backed off from the war Krishna made him realize the importance of the war . after the war there were again peace and the culture still existed . It was then British and Mysore Kings and others who tried to destroy our culture and supremacy of Bharat but it still exits .our culture is also known as undestructable culture .	
